,URL_LINK,DATES,ARTICLE_TITLE,ARTICLE_CONTENT,TRANSFORMED_ARTICLE_CONTENT,POSITIVE_VALUE,NEUTRAL_VALUE,NEGATIVE_VALUE,COMPOUND_VALUE
0,https://techcrunch.com/2020/05/01/valve-drops-vr-support-for-macos/,2020-05-01,Valve drops VR support for macOS,"Valve is calling it quits on macOS support for its virtual reality platform. A Valve employee posted an update to the company’s SteamVR forums, noting that “SteamVR has ended macOS support so our team can focus on Windows and Linux.”Apple  introduced “Metal for VR” back in June 2017 and highlighted a partnership with Valve. At the time, Valve was pushing VR as a platform and working with HTC on its Vive system; fast-forward to 2020 and Valve has its own high-end headset and has just released its highly-anticipated title “Half Life: Alyx.”This impacts developers more so than actual gamers.Almost no games supported Mac, and even Apple’s highest-end MacBook Pros failed to meet minimum specification requirements for Oculus or SteamVR. As the folks at Upload point out, Valve’s recent hardware survey showcases that just 4% of gamers on the platform use macOS to begin with, suggesting a pretty small sliver of actual gamers even fit in the Mac-owning VR user Venn diagram.Game developers building VR content on Mac likely enjoyed the ability to develop and test on a single machine. As Apple aggressively chases professionals with high-priced gear like the Mac Pro and iMac Pro, it’s not a great look when a major software platform decides you’re not worth the effort.San FranciscoSep 14 - 16See all newsletters(opens in a new window)Valve is calling it quits on macOS support for its virtual reality platform. A Valve employee posted an update to the company’s SteamVR forums, noting that “SteamVR has ended macOS supp...Namely, an eight-and-a-half-year-old, New York-based company that sells payroll, talent management and other HR services to mid-size businesses across the U.S. via subscription software, has let go...New vehicles today can produce a treasure trove of data. Without the proper tools, that data will sit undisturbed, rendering it worthless. A number of companies have sprung up to help automakers ma...What to do if your term sheet has too many tough terms, and which are the ones to focus on?Byju’s, an education learning startup in India that has seen a surge in its popularity in recent weeks amid the coronavirus outbreak, is in talks to raise as much as $400 million in fresh capital a...The COVID-19 crisis is creating an untold amount of uncertainty through every business sector, but for cannabis startups, it’s exacerbating a critical market that was already in decline. Tech...Amazon is in hot water with a powerful congressional committee interested in the company’s potentially anticompetitive business practices. In a bipartisan letter sent Friday to Jeff Bezos, th...Quarter after quarter, familiar stories have appeared. The smartphone market, once seemingly bull...Customs is the sieve of international supply chains. And yet despite its critical role, clearing customs for freight brokers can be a slow and opaque process reliant on manual data entry and prone ...Automatic, makers of a connected car dongle, emailed customers today to announce that the company will shut down all operations May 28. The company says it’s the casualty of the COVID-19 shutdown. ...NASA and SpaceX’s most defining moment of our current space era is coming up at the end of this month, with its Demo-2 mission on May 27. The mission will be the first-ever launch for SpaceX ...Gaming platforms have earned serious clout with investors in recent years. Add in the VC excitement surrounding collaboration tools and it’s no surprised there’s interest in backing ano...Back in January, Georgia Tech professor David Joyner got a cryptic email from a student based in Wuhan, China. “I’m under quarantine, but my internet access is okay so I have more time to spend on ...Back in March, Bandcamp announced that it was waiving its share of the revenue for a day, in order to support artists whose livelihood have ground to a screeching halt amid the COVID-19 pandemic. T...Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted Friday that the company’s stock price was “too high” in his opinion, immediately sending shares into a free fall and in possible violation of an agreem...While global stay-at-home orders have been a blow to most companies, they’ve also created opportunities for businesses helping to keep people entertained. So if you’re a YouTube creator...Apple’s earnings show the impact of COVID-19, NVIDIA’s top scientist shares an open source ventilator design and Amazon anticipates big spending in the coming months. Here’s your ...SpaceX is getting ready to launch its first-ever spacecraft with humans on board, the Commercial Crew Demo-2 mission (DM-2) that will take off from Florida on May 27. There are still a couple of th...Ali Amin-Javaheri grew up in the chemicals business. His father had worked for Iran’s state-owned chemical company and when the family fled the country in the nineteen eighties during the Ira...Mark Cuban isn’t impressed that you’ve raised money. “If you think the accomplishment is raising money first, we’re probably not gonna get along,” said Cuban in an Ext...© 2013-2020 Verizon Media. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP(opens in a new window). Fonts by TypeKit(opens in a new window).","valve calling quits macos support virtual reality platform . valve employee posted update company   steamvr forums , noting   steamvr ended macos support team focus windows linux.   apple introduced   metal vr   back june 2017 highlighted partnership valve . time , valve pushing vr platform working htc vive system   fast forward 2020 valve high end headset released highly anticipated title   half life   alyx.   impacts developers actual gamers.almost games supported mac , even apple   highest end macbook pros failed meet minimum specification requirements oculus steamvr . folks upload point , valve   recent hardware survey showcases 4   gamers platform use macos begin , suggesting pretty small sliver actual gamers even fit mac owning vr user venn diagram.game developers building vr content mac likely enjoyed ability develop test single machine . apple aggressively chases professionals high priced gear like mac pro imac pro ,   great look major software platform decides   worth effort.san franciscosep 14   16see newsletters   opens new window   valve calling quits macos support virtual reality platform . valve employee posted update company   steamvr forums , noting   steamvr ended macos supp ... namely , eight and a half year old , new york based company sells payroll , talent management hr services mid size businesses across u.s. via subscription software , let go ... new vehicles today produce treasure trove data . without proper tools , data sit undisturbed , rendering worthless . number companies sprung help automakers ... term sheet many tough terms , ones focus   byju   , education learning startup india seen surge popularity recent weeks amid coronavirus outbreak , talks raise much   400 million fresh capital ... covid 19 crisis creating untold amount uncertainty every business sector , cannabis startups ,   exacerbating critical market already decline . tech ... amazon hot water powerful congressional committee interested company   potentially anticompetitive business practices . bipartisan letter sent friday jeff bezos , th ... quarter quarter , familiar stories appeared . smartphone market , seemingly bull ... customs sieve international supply chains . yet despite critical role , clearing customs freight brokers slow opaque process reliant manual data entry prone ... automatic , makers connected car dongle , emailed customers today announce company shut operations may 28. company says   casualty covid 19 shutdown . ... nasa spacex   defining moment current space era coming end month , demo 2 mission may 27. mission first ever launch spacex ... gaming platforms earned serious clout investors recent years . add vc excitement surrounding collaboration tools   surprised   interest backing ano ... back january , georgia tech professor david joyner got cryptic email student based wuhan , china .     quarantine , internet access okay time spend ... back march , bandcamp announced waiving share revenue day , order support artists whose livelihood ground screeching halt amid covid 19 pandemic . ... tesla ceo elon musk tweeted friday company   stock price   high   opinion , immediately sending shares free fall possible violation agreem ... global stay at home orders blow companies ,   also created opportunities businesses helping keep people entertained .   youtube creator ... apple   earnings show impact covid 19 , nvidia   top scientist shares open source ventilator design amazon anticipates big spending coming months .   ... spacex getting ready launch first ever spacecraft humans board , commercial crew demo 2 mission   dm 2   take florida may 27. still couple th ... ali amin javaheri grew chemicals business . father worked iran   state owned chemical company family fled country nineteen eighties ira ... mark cuban   impressed   raised money .   think accomplishment raising money first ,   probably gon na get along ,   said cuban ext ...   2013 2020 verizon media . rights reserved . powered wordpress vip   opens new window   . fonts typekit   opens new window   . ",0.164,0.79,0.046,0.9959
1,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-news-live-may-1-2020-221402326.html,2020-05-01,"Stock market news live updates: Dow starts May on a sour note, sheds 600+ points as coronavirus fears resurface","Stocks were lower Friday after the latest batch of corporate earnings results and economic data revealed more damage from the coronavirus pandemic. News late in the session that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration had granted Gilead’s antiviral treatment remdesivir emergency use authorization to treat patients with COVID-19 did little to move the needle on equities.Earlier, earnings results from some of the most heavily weighted companies in the major U.S. stock indices came in mixed. Amazon (AMZN) posted first-quarter sales that jumped 26% over last year, but warned that $4 billion in expected coronavirus-related costs could drag operating income negative to the tune of $1.5 billion.Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL) reported quarterly revenue growth that slowed dramatically over last year, and declined to offer an outlook for the first time in years due to uncertainty over the pandemic. The tech-heavy Nasdaq ended Friday’s session lower by 3.2%Oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron each posted weaker results compared to last year as the economic devastation from the coronavirus and recent plunge in crude oil prices weighed on the companies. Exxon Mobil posted its first quarterly loss in decades, and Chevron cut its capital expenditure plans for the year by another $2 billion. A day earlier, the S&P 500 closed out April with its best monthly gain since 1987. The blue-chip index climbed a total of 12.68% for the month, but was still off 14% from its record high on February 19, and down nearly 10% year to date.“We forecast further gains in most risky assets between now and the end of next year. This reflects our expectation of a rebound in economic activity starting in the second half of 2020, alongside the continuation of massive monetary and fiscal policy support,” John Higgins, chief markets economist for Capital Economics, wrote in a note Thursday.“Admittedly, risky assets have already recovered quite a lot of the ground that they lost after the outbreak of coronavirus. And two key downside risks remain,” he added.“First, success in containing the virus could be reversed as economies reopen. Second, the consensus for policy support might break down,” he said. “But assuming these risks do not materialize, we anticipate that the rally will continue.”Still, equities are entering what has historically been a tougher six-month period in terms of comparable returns.During that time frame, the S&P 500 have averaged returns of just 1.5% during the May through October period since 1950, according to LPL Research data, and ended the period higher just 64.3% of the time. In more recent history, however, stocks produced positive gains in seven of the past eight six-month periods between May and October, and as much as 10% during the similar period in 2013.The recent stock rally comes despite mounting evidence of the damage the coronavirus pandemic and social distancing measures have inflicted on the domestic economy. A government report Thursday showed another 3.8 million Americans filed for new unemployment claims last week, bringing the total over the past six weeks to more than 30 million.—Here’s where the three major indices settled, as of 4:06 p.m. ET:—The U.S. Food and Drug administration confirmed President Donald Trump’s earlier remarks that Gilead’s remdesivir antiviral treatment received emergency use authorization for the coronavirus disease for hospitalized patients, according to a statement Friday.—President Donald Trump told reporters Friday that Gilead received emergency use authorization for its anti-viral treatment to be used for patients with COVID-19, according to reports from multiple outlets.Gilead’s stock pared losses of more than 5% earlier in the session to trade about 4% lower, or at about $80 per share.—West Texas intermediate (WTI) crude oil prices rose for a third straight session to settle at a two-week high of $19.78 per barrel. Friday’s gain marked an advance of 5%, or 94 cents per barrel. The commodity’s weekly gain was 14.6%.Friday’s settlement – the first in May – comes on the heels of a crushing April for crude, with WTI futures at one point turning negative for the first time in history. The commodity had shed 8% for the month of April, and remains lower by 68% for the year to date.—Tesla’s (TSLA) stock extended earlier declines Friday morning, dropping more than 7% to below $730 per share as of 11:18 a.m. ET, after the electric car-maker’s Elon Musk wrote in a Twitter post that Tesla’s stock price was “too high.”Tesla’s stock was up nearly 87% for the year to date through Thursday’s close, far outperforming the broader market. The remarks were part of a series of tweets Musk released over a 10-minute period Friday morning. The billionaire also said that he is “selling almost all physical possessions” and will “own no house.” In a Twitter subsequent Twitter post, he said, “Now give people back their FREEDOM.”Earlier this week, Tesla reported first-quarter sales growth over last year and an unexpected profit. However, the company has been contending with a weekslong temporary suspension of operations at its flagship Fremont, California factory and New York facility amid the COVID-19 pandemic, potentially pressuring results in the current quarter. During a call Wednesday with analysts and investors, Musk went on an expletive-laden diatribe calling for social distancing measures to be quickly rolled back.—The Institute for Supply Management’s (ISM) manufacturing purchasing managers’ index (PMI) slid to 41.5 in April from 49.1 in March. The result was slightly above consensus estimates for a drop to 36.0, however, according to Bloomberg data.Subindices measuring production, new orders and employment each fell at faster paces relative to March. Prints below the neutral level of 50 indicate contraction in activity.“Comments from the panel were strongly negative (three negative comments for every one positive comment) regarding the near-term outlook, with sentiment clearly impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and continuing energy market recession,” ISM said in a statement. “The PMI indicates a level of manufacturing-sector contraction not seen since April 2009, with a strongly negative trajectory.”—IHS Markit’s final U.S. manufacturing PMI for April sank to 36.1 from 48.5, hitting the lowest reading since March 2009 and falling for a second consecutive month.Beneath the headline index, manufacturing output slumped to 28.8 in April from 46.5 in March, representing a record decline. Readings below the neutral level of 50 indicate contraction in a sector. Meanwhile, new orders fell versus the prior month to the lowest level since January 2009.""April saw the manufacturing sector struck hard by the COVID-19 pandemic, with output falling to an extent surpassing that seen even at the height of the global financial crisis. With orders collapsing at a rate not seen for over a decade, supply chains disrupted to a record degree and pessimism about the outlook hitting a new survey high, rising numbers of firms are culling payroll numbers,” Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit, said in a statement.—Here were the main moves in markets, as of 9:33 a.m. ET:—Quarterly results from oil majors Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) reflected the early impact of the misery in oil markets at the corporate level.Exxon Mobil reported its first quarterly loss in at least 32 years, with losses totaling $610 million for the first three months of the year versus income of $2.4 billion in the same quarter a year ago. However, the company departed from other major oil companies in sticking to its previously announced plans to cut capital expenditures by $10 billion to $23 billion for the year.Chevron, on the other hand, cut its capital expenditures plans again following crude oil prices’ April slump. The company cut its capex plans buy $2 billion to $14 billion, after originally planning capex to come in at $20 billion for the year. These reductions are mostly going to hit Chevron’s shale production, with activity in both the Permian Basin and Canada getting slashed. Refining operations are also going to bear some of that cut. While Chevron eked out a first-quarter profit, its results highlighted some of the demand destruction for downstream products that have resulted from the coronavirus pandemic. Jet fuel demand was down 75%, and diesel demand dropped 25%, the company said in a presentation Friday.—Here were the main moves in markets ahead of the opening bell, as of 7:24 a.m. ET:—Stock futures pointed to a lower open on Friday, as investors braced for more earnings and data that are all but certain to show how badly the coronavirus has stifled global growth.Here were the main moves at the start of the overnight session for U.S. equity futures, as of 6:02 p.m. ET:—Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, LinkedIn, and reddit.Find live stock market quotes and the latest business and finance newsFor tutorials and information on investing and trading stocks, check out Cashay","stocks lower friday latest batch corporate earnings results economic data revealed damage coronavirus pandemic . news late session u.s. food drug administration granted gilead   antiviral treatment remdesivir emergency use authorization treat patients covid 19 little move needle equities.earlier , earnings results heavily weighted companies major u.s. stock indices came mixed . amazon   amzn   posted first quarter sales jumped 26   last year , warned   4 billion expected coronavirus related costs could drag operating income negative tune   1.5 billion.meanwhile , apple   aapl   reported quarterly revenue growth slowed dramatically last year , declined offer outlook first time years due uncertainty pandemic . tech heavy nasdaq ended friday   session lower 3.2   oil giants exxon mobil chevron posted weaker results compared last year economic devastation coronavirus recent plunge crude oil prices weighed companies . exxon mobil posted first quarterly loss decades , chevron cut capital expenditure plans year another   2 billion . day earlier ,   p 500 closed april best monthly gain since 1987. blue chip index climbed total 12.68   month , still 14   record high february 19 , nearly 10   year date.   forecast gains risky assets end next year . reflects expectation rebound economic activity starting second half 2020 , alongside continuation massive monetary fiscal policy support ,   john higgins , chief markets economist capital economics , wrote note thursday.   admittedly , risky assets already recovered quite lot ground lost outbreak coronavirus . two key downside risks remain ,   added.   first , success containing virus could reversed economies reopen . second , consensus policy support might break ,   said .   assuming risks materialize , anticipate rally continue.   still , equities entering historically tougher six month period terms comparable returns.during time frame ,   p 500 averaged returns 1.5   may october period since 1950 , according lpl research data , ended period higher 64.3   time . recent history , however , stocks produced positive gains seven past eight six month periods may october , much 10   similar period 2013.the recent stock rally comes despite mounting evidence damage coronavirus pandemic social distancing measures inflicted domestic economy . government report thursday showed another 3.8 million americans filed new unemployment claims last week , bringing total past six weeks 30 million. here   three major indices settled , 4 06 p.m. et    the u.s. food drug administration confirmed president donald trump   earlier remarks gilead   remdesivir antiviral treatment received emergency use authorization coronavirus disease hospitalized patients , according statement friday. president donald trump told reporters friday gilead received emergency use authorization anti viral treatment used patients covid 19 , according reports multiple outlets.gilead   stock pared losses 5   earlier session trade 4   lower ,   80 per share. west texas intermediate   wti   crude oil prices rose third straight session settle two week high   19.78 per barrel . friday   gain marked advance 5   , 94 cents per barrel . commodity   weekly gain 14.6   .friday   settlement   first may   comes heels crushing april crude , wti futures one point turning negative first time history . commodity shed 8   month april , remains lower 68   year date. tesla     tsla   stock extended earlier declines friday morning , dropping 7     730 per share 11 18 a.m. et , electric car maker   elon musk wrote twitter post tesla   stock price   high.   tesla   stock nearly 87   year date thursday   close , far outperforming broader market . remarks part series tweets musk released 10 minute period friday morning . billionaire also said   selling almost physical possessions     house.   twitter subsequent twitter post , said ,   give people back freedom.   earlier week , tesla reported first quarter sales growth last year unexpected profit . however , company contending weekslong temporary suspension operations flagship fremont , california factory new york facility amid covid 19 pandemic , potentially pressuring results current quarter . call wednesday analysts investors , musk went expletive laden diatribe calling social distancing measures quickly rolled back. the institute supply management     ism   manufacturing purchasing managers   index   pmi   slid 41.5 april 49.1 march . result slightly consensus estimates drop 36.0 , however , according bloomberg data.subindices measuring production , new orders employment fell faster paces relative march . prints neutral level 50 indicate contraction activity.   comments panel strongly negative   three negative comments every one positive comment   regarding near term outlook , sentiment clearly impacted coronavirus   covid 19   pandemic continuing energy market recession ,   ism said statement .   pmi indicates level manufacturing sector contraction seen since april 2009 , strongly negative trajectory.    ihs markit   final u.s. manufacturing pmi april sank 36.1 48.5 , hitting lowest reading since march 2009 falling second consecutive month.beneath headline index , manufacturing output slumped 28.8 april 46.5 march , representing record decline . readings neutral level 50 indicate contraction sector . meanwhile , new orders fell versus prior month lowest level since january 2009 .    april saw manufacturing sector struck hard covid 19 pandemic , output falling extent surpassing seen even height global financial crisis . orders collapsing rate seen decade , supply chains disrupted record degree pessimism outlook hitting new survey high , rising numbers firms culling payroll numbers ,   chris williamson , chief business economist ihs markit , said statement. here main moves markets , 9 33 a.m. et    quarterly results oil majors exxon mobil   xom   chevron   cvx   reflected early impact misery oil markets corporate level.exxon mobil reported first quarterly loss least 32 years , losses totaling   610 million first three months year versus income   2.4 billion quarter year ago . however , company departed major oil companies sticking previously announced plans cut capital expenditures   10 billion   23 billion year.chevron , hand , cut capital expenditures plans following crude oil prices   april slump . company cut capex plans buy   2 billion   14 billion , originally planning capex come   20 billion year . reductions mostly going hit chevron   shale production , activity permian basin canada getting slashed . refining operations also going bear cut . chevron eked first quarter profit , results highlighted demand destruction downstream products resulted coronavirus pandemic . jet fuel demand 75   , diesel demand dropped 25   , company said presentation friday. here main moves markets ahead opening bell , 7 24 a.m. et    stock futures pointed lower open friday , investors braced earnings data certain show badly coronavirus stifled global growth.here main moves start overnight session u.s. equity futures , 6 02 p.m. et    follow yahoo finance twitter , facebook , instagram , flipboard , linkedin , reddit.find live stock market quotes latest business finance newsfor tutorials information investing trading stocks , check cashay ",0.077,0.779,0.144,-0.9961
2,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/what-is-smartphone-contact-tracing-tech-support-140812773.html,2020-05-01,What is smartphone contact tracing and how does it work? Tech Support,"Welcome to Tech Support, a segment where I, Dan Howley, serve as your intrepid guide through the sometimes confusing, often frustrating, world of personal technology. Here, I answer all of your most pressing questions about the various gizmos, gadgets, and services you use in your everyday life.Have a question of your own? Reach me on Twitter at @danielhowley, or email me at dhowley@yahoofinance.com.Now, on to your questions.This week's dilemma:Smartphone contract tracing is a means of quickly notifying people via their phone that they have been in contact with somebody who has an illness such as coronavirus.Without smartphones, healthcare officials traditionally perform contact tracing by interviewing infected individuals to determine where they’ve traveled and whom they’ve contacted. Health officials then reach out to those individuals so they can quarantine themselves.But traditional contact tracing requires serious human resources, including workers manning phone lines to reach out to potentially infected people, individuals going door-to-door, etc. According to The New York Times, a nationwide effort would likely require somewhere around 300,000 people. What’s more, this kind of tracing takes time — something authorities can’t afford with a fast-spreading virus.In place of such a massive workforce, countries around the world have begun to develop and deploy smartphone-based contact tracing systems.The Chinese government, for instance, uses an app that residents are required to download if they want to use things like shopping malls and public transportation. Singapore, meanwhile, used a voluntary smartphone app called TraceTogether that measures the distance a person’s phone has been from another person’s device using Bluetooth technology. Data is stored locally on users’ phones unless they authorize its upload to the country’s Ministry of Health.European countries like Germany have sought to have data collected via smartphone apps uploaded to a centralized database that would give the country’s health officials a better understanding of the virus, but at the potential expense of user privacy.The fear is that governments could use the data gleaned from their centralized contact tracing apps to effectively set up a mass surveillance program. Germany has since abandoned this route.A number of proposals for apps in the U.S. would allow for smartphone contact tracing, including one developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. But the most likely candidate for nationwide smartphone contact tracing is the solution put together by Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOG, GOOGL), which they refer to as an “exposure notification” tool.The smartphone contact tracing system comes with controversy – user privacy is certainly a concern among some security experts.The Apple-Google tool will enable our phones to communicate with each other, and alert us if we’ve come into contact with someone with the coronavirus.Rather than depending on a users’ GPS data, which can identify individuals, the tool will rely on Bluetooth, similar to Singapore’s solution.Initially, the companies will require users to download an app from an official health authority, but that will change when they provide operating system updates that allow you to activate it without a third-party app.When activated, and doing so is voluntary, the tool will randomly generate identifier beacons for you and every user accessing the system. When you come into contact with another person using the tool, your devices will exchange these Bluetooth beacons, which are essentially a string of otherwise meaningless numbers that change every 10 to 20 minutes to thwart malicious actors from tracking individuals using the identifiers.Any identifiers you come in contact with will be saved in a secure portion of your device, and remain there. If you become infected with the coronavirus, you can use your compatible health authority’s app to update your infection status. Your device will then fire off your randomized identifier beacons to a server where they’ll be held for a limited time.If you’re not infected, your device will download a list of randomized identifier beacons associated with infected users daily. Those beacons will then be compared, on your device, with beacons your phone has come in contact with. If they match up, you’ll receive an alert through your health authority’s app saying you may have been exposed to coronavirus.    Both Apple and Google say this data will be unusable by them, and won’t be monetized. They also say the data associated with the randomized Bluetooth beacons will be encrypted.Apple and Google won’t be the ones administering the tracing apps, either. Instead, your local health authority will be in charge of that, though the data protections the companies put in place will still be used regardless of the authority.It’s important to note that this is all voluntary, and Apple and Google say they’ll turn off the service as the pandemic subsides. The companies say only health authorities will be able to interface with the data, and that neither Apple nor Google will have access to it.Both companies are also making their solutions available in all of their markets, including Germany, which has said it will use the tool.We’ll find out more about the tracing system when it becomes available this month. More from Dan:Got a tip? Email Daniel Howley at danielphowley@protonmail.com or dhowley@yahoofinance.com, and follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, SmartNews, LinkedIn, YouTube, and reddit","welcome tech support , segment , dan howley , serve intrepid guide sometimes confusing , often frustrating , world personal technology . , answer pressing questions various gizmos , gadgets , services use everyday life.have question   reach twitter   danielhowley , email dhowley   yahoofinance.com.now , questions.this week  s dilemma   smartphone contract tracing means quickly notifying people via phone contact somebody illness coronavirus.without smartphones , healthcare officials traditionally perform contact tracing interviewing infected individuals determine   traveled   contacted . health officials reach individuals quarantine themselves.but traditional contact tracing requires serious human resources , including workers manning phone lines reach potentially infected people , individuals going door to door , etc . according new york times , nationwide effort would likely require somewhere around 300,000 people .   , kind tracing takes time   something authorities   afford fast spreading virus.in place massive workforce , countries around world begun develop deploy smartphone based contact tracing systems.the chinese government , instance , uses app residents required download want use things like shopping malls public transportation . singapore , meanwhile , used voluntary smartphone app called tracetogether measures distance person   phone another person   device using bluetooth technology . data stored locally users   phones unless authorize upload country   ministry health.european countries like germany sought data collected via smartphone apps uploaded centralized database would give country   health officials better understanding virus , potential expense user privacy.the fear governments could use data gleaned centralized contact tracing apps effectively set mass surveillance program . germany since abandoned route.a number proposals apps u.s. would allow smartphone contact tracing , including one developed massachusetts institute technology . likely candidate nationwide smartphone contact tracing solution put together apple   aapl   google   goog , googl   , refer   exposure notification   tool.the smartphone contact tracing system comes controversy   user privacy certainly concern among security experts.the apple google tool enable phones communicate , alert us   come contact someone coronavirus.rather depending users   gps data , identify individuals , tool rely bluetooth , similar singapore   solution.initially , companies require users download app official health authority , change provide operating system updates allow activate without third party app.when activated , voluntary , tool randomly generate identifier beacons every user accessing system . come contact another person using tool , devices exchange bluetooth beacons , essentially string otherwise meaningless numbers change every 10 20 minutes thwart malicious actors tracking individuals using identifiers.any identifiers come contact saved secure portion device , remain . become infected coronavirus , use compatible health authority   app update infection status . device fire randomized identifier beacons server   held limited time.if   infected , device download list randomized identifier beacons associated infected users daily . beacons compared , device , beacons phone come contact . match ,   receive alert health authority   app saying may exposed coronavirus . apple google say data unusable ,   monetized . also say data associated randomized bluetooth beacons encrypted.apple google   ones administering tracing apps , either . instead , local health authority charge , though data protections companies put place still used regardless authority.it   important note voluntary , apple google say   turn service pandemic subsides . companies say health authorities able interface data , neither apple google access it.both companies also making solutions available markets , including germany , said use tool.we   find tracing system becomes available month . dan   got tip   email daniel howley danielphowley   protonmail.com dhowley   yahoofinance.com , follow twitter   danielhowley.follow yahoo finance twitter , facebook , instagram , flipboard , smartnews , linkedin , youtube , reddit ",0.1,0.821,0.079,0.3699
3,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/warren-buffett-thinks-about-ted-williams-when-he-misses-an-opportunity-115413224.html,2020-05-01,Why Warren Buffett thinks about baseball legend Ted Williams when he misses an opportunity,"One of the world’s most legendary and respected investors, Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A, BRK-B), has racked up a lot of investing wins over the years. But just like in baseball, even the greatest investors strike out now and then.Read more: Warren Buffett: Lessons from a legendary investor“I've made so many mistakes, if I tried to kick myself, my legs would be exhausted,” Buffett told Yahoo Finance’s Andy Serwer in a March 10 interview at Berkshire Hathaway’s headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska. “You don't kick yourself when you make a mistake. I mean, it is part of what you do. And you know, I was there when Ted Williams batted .406.”Williams, the legendary Red Sox left fielder, achieved that batting average in 1941. And he has since been the last baseball player to bat above .400 since. Keep in mind: that means for every 10 at bats, he didn’t make it on base six of those times.Similarly, great investing comes with its fair share of missed opportunities and wrong way bets. And Buffett is no stranger to this.A couple of those big missed opportunities for Buffett include mega-cap tech names like Amazon (AMZN) and Alphabet (GOOGL).When asked why he didn’t invest in Google before the company went public, Buffett said, “Well, that's a pretty damn good question. But I don't have a good answer. I definitely should've owned Google.”Meanwhile, Amazon’s massive success and meteoric stock are things he and his vice chairman Charlie Munger continue to wrestle with.“Those are the kind of businesses I think about a lot. Charlie thinks about them a lot. You can't help but do it. I mean, those are incredible business stories.”Big tech stocks, or the so-called “FAANG” names, have been on a tear, even as the COVID-19 outbreak created an extremely volatile market environment.“You're seeing in this kind of a market, those companies don't need capital. Well, Netflix needs capital. But basically, the big companies in market value don't need capital. And that will separate them even more from the rest of the pack. I mean, they have an incredible business model,” Buffett said.And it’s never too late to revisit one of those missed opportunities, according to Buffett. “Well, actually, one of the other fellows [at Berkshire] now has bought a little Amazon.”Catch more of Buffett’s investing know-how on May 2 at the Berkshire Hathaway’s Annual Shareholders meeting, streamed exclusively on Yahoo Finance. —Heidi Chung is a reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Twitter: @heidi_chung.More from Heidi:Find live stock market quotes and the latest business and finance newsFollow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, LinkedIn, and reddit.","one world   legendary respected investors , warren buffett , ceo berkshire hathaway   brk a , brk b   , racked lot investing wins years . like baseball , even greatest investors strike then.read   warren buffett   lessons legendary investor    ve made many mistakes , tried kick , legs would exhausted ,   buffett told yahoo finance   andy serwer march 10 interview berkshire hathaway   headquarters omaha , nebraska .   n t kick make mistake . mean , part . know , ted williams batted .406.   williams , legendary red sox left fielder , achieved batting average 1941. since last baseball player bat .400 since . keep mind   means every 10 bats ,   make base six times.similarly , great investing comes fair share missed opportunities wrong way bets . buffett stranger this.a couple big missed opportunities buffett include mega cap tech names like amazon   amzn   alphabet   googl   .when asked   invest google company went public , buffett said ,   well ,  s pretty damn good question . n t good answer . definitely  ve owned google.   meanwhile , amazon   massive success meteoric stock things vice chairman charlie munger continue wrestle with.   kind businesses think lot . charlie thinks lot . ca n t help . mean , incredible business stories.   big tech stocks , so called   faang   names , tear , even covid 19 outbreak created extremely volatile market environment.    re seeing kind market , companies n t need capital . well , netflix needs capital . basically , big companies market value n t need capital . separate even rest pack . mean , incredible business model ,   buffett said.and   never late revisit one missed opportunities , according buffett .   well , actually , one fellows   berkshire   bought little amazon.   catch buffett   investing know how may 2 berkshire hathaway   annual shareholders meeting , streamed exclusively yahoo finance .  heidi chung reporter yahoo finance . follow twitter     heidi chung.more heidi   find live stock market quotes latest business finance newsfollow yahoo finance twitter , facebook , instagram , flipboard , linkedin , reddit . ",0.225,0.71,0.065,0.9935
4,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-month-stocks-broke-from-reality-morning-brief-100509698.html,2020-05-01,The month stocks broke from reality: Morning Brief,"Friday, May 1, 2020Get the Morning Brief sent directly to your inbox every Monday to Friday by 6:30 a.m. ET. SubscribeApril 2020 lived up to its billing — it was indeed the cruelest month.When April began, the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in the U.S. totaled 215,177. By month’s end, more than 1.06 million cases had been confirmed.The death toll in the country has topped 60,000; on April 1, fewer than 5,000 COVID-related deaths had been recorded. Bodies are piling up outside funeral homes in New York. Experts believe COVID-related deaths in the U.S. have been severely undercounted.Job losses have been staggering. In the past four weeks more than 20 million Americans have filed for unemployment insurance. Next week’s jobs report is expected to show the unemployment rate climbing into the double-digits in April.GDP data published Wednesday showed the first quarter marked the biggest contraction in economic growth since 2008. The second quarter will be worse. In April, the price of oil went negative and the IMF coined a startling new term to describe our economic moment — The Great Lockdown.And all the while stocks rallied aggressively.The Dow rallied some 10.5% in April, to log its best April performance since 1938. The S&P 500 gained more than 12% and enjoyed its best month since January 1987. The Nasdaq gained the most since April 2001.And while whether the stock market is a good representation of the broader economy is an eternal debate in the business world, April’s judgment was clear: stocks did not reflect April’s lived experience.Of course, the job of financial markets is not to assess the present but discount the future. Investors are focused not on realized but anticipated changes in the economy, on whether things will get better or get worse from here.As we wrote last week, some experts are seeing signs that economic data will not likely get worse from here. Comments from corporate executives this week also suggested as much.Facebook (FB) CFO David Wehner said Wednesday, “After an initial steep decrease in ad revenue in March, we have seen signs of stability reflected in the first 3 weeks of April. Ad revenue has been approximately flat compared to the same period a year ago.” On Thursday, Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook told Bloomberg TV that sales started to “pick up” in the second half of April.Skeptics, of course, are not in short supply. A near consensus view among investors has been that the March 23 lows will eventually be re-tested. And indeed they may.But at least in April the old adage that the market will try to make fools of the largest possible number of participants held true.In the months ahead, the most important variable for investors will be containment of the spread of the coronavirus and progress on potential treatments or a vaccine. As JPMorgan’s John Normand outlined in a note published Thursday, the market’s emerging dominant narrative is “starting to latch onto rapid development of COVID-19 therapeutics and hopes for a vaccine, and therefore fewer public health risks to reopening economies and a quicker return to normalcy.”“This evolving theme is already evident in the news flow, which has been flat-lining throughout April for topics like infections and recession, while accelerating around topics like therapeutics and vaccines,” Normand adds.Re-opening economies, of course, remains a fraught endeavor. Strategists at UBS earlier this week said they expect stocks would fall below their March 23 lows if lockdown restrictions being lifted now are reinstated later this year on account of a renewed spread of the virus.And as the equity derivatives team at Bank of America Global Research wrote earlier this week, “history suggests it would be highly unlikely for the S&P not to re-test its [March 23] lows given both the size of its recent drawdown and the fact a recession is underway.The firm asks, however, if the four most dangerous words in investing may indeed apply.“However,” BofA strategists write, “the speed of the recent bear rally on the back of record and rapid policy stimulus has some wondering if this time is different?”By Myles Udland, reporter and co-anchor of The Final Round. Follow him at @MylesUdlandEconomyEarningsPre-marketREAD MOREMarkets fall as Trump threatens China tariffs over pandemic [Yahoo Finance UK]Amazon posts higher 1Q sales on coronavirus-driven spending, sees $4B in 2Q costs [Yahoo Finance]Apple Q2 earnings rise on App Store, Apple TV [Yahoo Finance]Boeing raises $25 billion from bonds, will no longer seek federal aid [Reuters]The risk for markets if Biden beats TrumpThese workers lived in a factory 24/7 for 28 days to fight coronavirusKellogg CEO: 'People are eating more of our cereal'Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, SmartNews, LinkedIn, YouTube, and reddit.Find live stock market quotes and the latest business and finance newsFor tutorials and information on investing and trading stocks, check out Cashay","friday , may 1 , 2020get morning brief sent directly inbox every monday friday 6 30 a.m. et . subscribeapril 2020 lived billing   indeed cruelest month.when april began , number confirmed covid 19 cases u.s. totaled 215,177. month   end , 1.06 million cases confirmed.the death toll country topped 60,000   april 1 , fewer 5,000 covid related deaths recorded . bodies piling outside funeral homes new york . experts believe covid related deaths u.s. severely undercounted.job losses staggering . past four weeks 20 million americans filed unemployment insurance . next week   jobs report expected show unemployment rate climbing double digits april.gdp data published wednesday showed first quarter marked biggest contraction economic growth since 2008. second quarter worse . april , price oil went negative imf coined startling new term describe economic moment   great lockdown.and stocks rallied aggressively.the dow rallied 10.5   april , log best april performance since 1938.   p 500 gained 12   enjoyed best month since january 1987. nasdaq gained since april 2001.and whether stock market good representation broader economy eternal debate business world , april   judgment clear   stocks reflect april   lived experience.of course , job financial markets assess present discount future . investors focused realized anticipated changes economy , whether things get better get worse here.as wrote last week , experts seeing signs economic data likely get worse . comments corporate executives week also suggested much.facebook   fb   cfo david wehner said wednesday ,   initial steep decrease ad revenue march , seen signs stability reflected first 3 weeks april . ad revenue approximately flat compared period year ago.   thursday , apple   aapl   ceo tim cook told bloomberg tv sales started   pick   second half april.skeptics , course , short supply . near consensus view among investors march 23 lows eventually re tested . indeed may.but least april old adage market try make fools largest possible number participants held true.in months ahead , important variable investors containment spread coronavirus progress potential treatments vaccine . jpmorgan   john normand outlined note published thursday , market   emerging dominant narrative   starting latch onto rapid development covid 19 therapeutics hopes vaccine , therefore fewer public health risks reopening economies quicker return normalcy.     evolving theme already evident news flow , flat lining throughout april topics like infections recession , accelerating around topics like therapeutics vaccines ,   normand adds.re opening economies , course , remains fraught endeavor . strategists ubs earlier week said expect stocks would fall march 23 lows lockdown restrictions lifted reinstated later year account renewed spread virus.and equity derivatives team bank america global research wrote earlier week ,   history suggests would highly unlikely   p re test   march 23   lows given size recent drawdown fact recession underway.the firm asks , however , four dangerous words investing may indeed apply.   however ,   bofa strategists write ,   speed recent bear rally back record rapid policy stimulus wondering time different     myles udland , reporter co anchor final round . follow   mylesudlandeconomyearningspre marketread moremarkets fall trump threatens china tariffs pandemic   yahoo finance uk   amazon posts higher 1q sales coronavirus driven spending , sees   4b 2q costs   yahoo finance   apple q2 earnings rise app store , apple tv   yahoo finance   boeing raises   25 billion bonds , longer seek federal aid   reuters   risk markets biden beats trumpthese workers lived factory 24 7 28 days fight coronaviruskellogg ceo    people eating cereal follow yahoo finance twitter , facebook , instagram , flipboard , smartnews , linkedin , youtube , reddit.find live stock market quotes latest business finance newsfor tutorials information investing trading stocks , check cashay ",0.089,0.807,0.104,-0.8625
5,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-futures-drop-400-points-as-apple-amazon-earnings-disappoint-trump-threatens-new-china-tariffs-2020-05-01?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,"Dow closes 600 points lower to wipe out weekly gains after Trump threatens China tariffs, earnings disappoint","Stocks closed sharply lower Friday in an ugly start to the month of May as investors showed disappointment with earnings from big tech companies and with President Donald Trump’s threat to impose import tariffs on China in retaliation for its handling of the COVID-19 pandemic.The Dow Jones Industrial Average
        DJIA, 
        -2.55%
      fell 622.03 points, or 2.6%, to end at 23,723.69, while the S&P 500
        SPX, 
        -2.80%
      gave up 81.72 points, or 2.8%, to settle at 2,830.71. The Nasdaq Composite Index
        COMP, 
        -3.20%
      retreated 284.60 points, or 3.2%, closing at 8,604.95.
        NQ00, 
        -3.18%
After gains Monday through Wednesday that helped the major indexes post their best April in years, losing sessions Thursday and Friday left the benchmarks with losses on the week, with the Dow and S&P losing 0.2% and the Nasdaq ending the week 0.3% lower.Read:Why a Wall Street bull who called the April stock-market rally refuses to raise his S&P 500 targetU.S. stocks posted sharp losses as investors reevaluated the corporate earnings picture and the economic impact of the ongoing COVID-19 epidemic, after the major benchmarks notched their best monthly performances in years in April.“After one of the best months in history, it’s not overly surprising to see some profit taking here,” said Matt Miskin, co-chief investment strategist at John Hancock Investment Management in an interview. “We started off earnings season on fire — there was a big start to the tech results and last night it was more mixed,” he added. “Markets were pricing in near perfection from the tech giants and now we’re seeing some downward pressure on the market as there’s a bit more realistic view of these results.”See:Apple shows its investors some love as Amazon tells them to take a seat during coronavirus Analysts said it was the guidance — or lack thereof in the case of Apple — that appeared to unsettle investors. Apple reported that profits slipped slightly but sales grew amid the spread of COVID-19, while promising investors billions more in stock repurchases and dividends, but declined to provide an outlook.  Shares of Dow component Apple Inc.
AAPL, 
        -1.61%
      closed 1.6% lower Friday.Shares of Amazon.com Inc.
        AMZN, 
        -7.59%.
      , the second-largest company by market capitalization in the S&P 500, ended the session down 7.6% after it said late Thursday it topped $75 billion in sales in the first quarter as COVID-19 swept across the globe, but profit declined and the company said it might lose money in the current period as it spends to keep up with demand. Both Apple and  Amazon are among the companies that led the S&P 500 index’s comeback from the March 23 lows and were two of the best performers in April. Amazon rallied nearly 27% in April while Apple jumped 15%.The magnitude of the rebound from the market’s March 23 lows also has left valuations at very high levels during a time when the ongoing coronavirus epidemic makes forecasting future corporate profits difficult. The S&P 500 ended Friday with a forward price-to-earnings multiple of 19.8, well above historical averages, according to FactSet.Meanwhile, global equities were pressured after President Donald Trump indicated he may consider imposing import tariffs on China. The Washington Post on Thursday reported that U.S. officials are beginning to explore proposals for punishing China for its handling of the pandemic, including punitive import tariffs, adding to bearish sentiment on Wall Street. “Supply chains were already in a tough place given the pressure to global growth, the lack of transport of goods around the world, and hearing that there could be even more strains to supply chains in the form of tariffs is rightfully being priced into the market negatively,” Miskin said.Stocks saw little movement after the Institute for Supply Management said its April manufacturing index came in at 41.5%.  Economists surveyed by MarketWatch, on average, had looked for the gauge to plunge to 35% from a 49.1% reading in March. A figure below 50 indicates a contraction in activity.Crude oil prices closed out the week higher, with the price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate Crude for June delivery
        CLM20, 
        +4.51%
      gaining 94 cents, or 5%, to settle at $19.78 on the New York Mercantile Exchange. In precious metals, June gold
        GCM20, 
        +0.94%
      rose $6.70, or 0.4%, to settle at $1,700.90 an ounce on Comex.The yield of the 10-year U.S. Treasury note
        TMUBMUSD10Y, 
        0.615%
edged 2 basis points higher to 0.63%. Many global exchanges were closed Friday in observance of International Workers Day. Japan’s Nikkei 225
        NIK, 
        -2.84%
      closed 2.8% lower and the U.K.’s FTSE 100
        UKX, 
        -2.34%
      ended its session down 2.3%.  The U.S. dollar was unchanged relative to a basket of trading partners, according to the ICE U.S. Dollar index
        DXY, 
        -0.33%
      .Jeff Hirsch, editor of the Stock Trader’s Almanac and chief market strategist at Probabilities Fund Management, says the lows from late March are likely to hold — here’s why.William Watts is MarketWatch’s senior markets writer. Based in New York, Watts writes about stocks, bonds, currencies and commodities, including oil. He also writes about global macro issues and trading strategies. Before moving to New York, he reported for MarketWatch from Frankfurt, London and Washington, D.C.Copyright © 2020 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the
                Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Updated 03/26/2020

Privacy Notice and
                Cookie Notice.

          Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use.
          Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET.
          All quotes are in local exchange time.
          Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
          Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        ","stocks closed sharply lower friday ugly start month may investors showed disappointment earnings big tech companies president donald trump   threat impose import tariffs china retaliation handling covid 19 pandemic.the dow jones industrial average djia ,  2.55   fell 622.03 points , 2.6   , end 23,723.69 ,   p 500 spx ,  2.80   gave 81.72 points , 2.8   , settle 2,830.71. nasdaq composite index comp ,  3.20   retreated 284.60 points , 3.2   , closing 8,604.95. nq00 ,  3.18   gains monday wednesday helped major indexes post best april years , losing sessions thursday friday left benchmarks losses week , dow   p losing 0.2   nasdaq ending week 0.3   lower.read   wall street bull called april stock market rally refuses raise   p 500 targetu.s . stocks posted sharp losses investors reevaluated corporate earnings picture economic impact ongoing covid 19 epidemic , major benchmarks notched best monthly performances years april.   one best months history ,   overly surprising see profit taking ,   said matt miskin , co chief investment strategist john hancock investment management interview .   started earnings season fire   big start tech results last night mixed ,   added .   markets pricing near perfection tech giants   seeing downward pressure market   bit realistic view results.   see   apple shows investors love amazon tells take seat coronavirus analysts said guidance   lack thereof case apple   appeared unsettle investors . apple reported profits slipped slightly sales grew amid spread covid 19 , promising investors billions stock repurchases dividends , declined provide outlook . shares dow component apple inc. aapl ,  1.61   closed 1.6   lower friday.shares amazon.com inc. amzn ,  7.59   . , second largest company market capitalization   p 500 , ended session 7.6   said late thursday topped   75 billion sales first quarter covid 19 swept across globe , profit declined company said might lose money current period spends keep demand . apple amazon among companies led   p 500 index   comeback march 23 lows two best performers april . amazon rallied nearly 27   april apple jumped 15   .the magnitude rebound market   march 23 lows also left valuations high levels time ongoing coronavirus epidemic makes forecasting future corporate profits difficult .   p 500 ended friday forward price to earnings multiple 19.8 , well historical averages , according factset.meanwhile , global equities pressured president donald trump indicated may consider imposing import tariffs china . washington post thursday reported u.s. officials beginning explore proposals punishing china handling pandemic , including punitive import tariffs , adding bearish sentiment wall street .   supply chains already tough place given pressure global growth , lack transport goods around world , hearing could even strains supply chains form tariffs rightfully priced market negatively ,   miskin said.stocks saw little movement institute supply management said april manufacturing index came 41.5   . economists surveyed marketwatch , average , looked gauge plunge 35   49.1   reading march . figure 50 indicates contraction activity.crude oil prices closed week higher , price barrel west texas intermediate crude june delivery clm20 ,  4.51   gaining 94 cents , 5   , settle   19.78 new york mercantile exchange . precious metals , june gold gcm20 ,  0.94   rose   6.70 , 0.4   , settle   1,700.90 ounce comex.the yield 10 year u.s. treasury note tmubmusd10y , 0.615   edged 2 basis points higher 0.63   . many global exchanges closed friday observance international workers day . japan   nikkei 225 nik ,  2.84   closed 2.8   lower u.k.   ftse 100 ukx ,  2.34   ended session 2.3   . u.s. dollar unchanged relative basket trading partners , according ice u.s. dollar index dxy ,  0.33   .jeff hirsch , editor stock trader   almanac chief market strategist probabilities fund management , says lows late march likely hold     why.william watts marketwatch   senior markets writer . based new york , watts writes stocks , bonds , currencies commodities , including oil . also writes global macro issues trading strategies . moving new york , reported marketwatch frankfurt , london washington , d.c.copyright   2020 marketwatch , inc. rights reserved . using site agree subscriber agreement   terms use updated 03 26 2020 privacy notice cookie notice . intraday data provided factset subject terms use . historical current end of day data provided factset . quotes local exchange time . real time last sale data u.s. stock quotes reflect trades reported nasdaq . intraday data delayed least 15 minutes per exchange requirements . ",0.099,0.797,0.104,0.6249
6,https://www.barrons.com/articles/why-big-tech-is-beating-the-s-p500-5-things-we-learned-from-earnings-51588376211?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,Why Big Tech Is Beating the Market. 5 Things We Learned from Earnings.,"This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.https://www.barrons.com/articles/why-big-tech-is-beating-the-s-p500-5-things-we-learned-from-earnings-51588376211In just three days over the past week, the five largest tech companies—
            Microsoft,
Amazon.com,
Apple,
Alphabet,
      and
            Facebook
      —all reported earnings. They also happen to be the five largest companies in the S&P 500, so the results mattered—a lot. The news was better than feared, though plenty of questions remain. Here are my five takeaways:  What bear market? While the
        S&P 500
      was still down 10% year to date through Thursday’s close, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is basically back to flat. Most of the credit goes to the tech giants. In April, the S&P 500 rallied 12%, and big tech still managed to outperform, led by gains of 23% for Facebook (ticker: FB) and 27% for Amazon (AMZN). As I wrote in mid-March, all five of these companies will exit the crisis stronger than they began. They have sterling balance sheets, dominant market positions, and smart management. The crisis is only accelerating their lead. Apple has 550 million subscribers to various services. Microsoft’s (MSFT) Azure cloud is growing revenue at nearly 60% a year. In just a few weeks, Amazon hired 175,000 people. And Facebook just hit 3 billion users—nearly 40% of the earth’s population. The big are getting bigger. Better than advertise d. Digital advertising was one of the primary worries for the internet sector heading into earnings season. Airlines, hotels, retailers, restaurants, and movie studios—all large online ad buyers—have little reason to promote themselves, while small businesses are focused on conserving cash. The quarter’s biggest surprise was that Google’s parent Alphabet (GOOGL) and Facebook both said that advertising demand had stabilized in April. Pivotal Research analyst Michael Levine, who had been deeply bearish on Facebook, was so shocked that he backed away from his Sell rating, upgrading the stock to Hold. Results, he said were “far better” than anyone had anticipated. He says that weakness in sectors such as travel and small business were offset by strength in direct-to-consumer retail brands, technology, and gaming. Both Facebook and Alphabet warned that risks remain, that the June quarter would be tougher, and that extrapolating from April is risky. But, for now, online advertising is proving more resilient than expected. Backing buybacks. In previewing Apple (AAPL) earnings this past week on Barrons.com, I noted that Apple was likely to announce a new buyback plan. One reader sent me a handful of emails doubting that Apple would double down on stock repurchases, noting that they have become a political hot potato. In fact, much of the corporate world has suspended buyback programs. But not big tech. Alphabet bought back $8.5 billion of stock in the quarter, a record quarterly haul; Microsoft repurchased $6 billion, and Apple bought back $18.6 billion, while raising its dividend 6%. Apple also announced a $50 billion buyback program, on top of its existing $40 billion authorization. Investors want repurchases, and I would defend the companies’ right to make them. They’re still hiring people, they spend freely on research and development, they have ample cash, and they continue to generate lots more. None of them is taking government stimulus dollars. Why shouldn’t they buy back shares? In search of guidance. At this point, I’m not sure why some companies are still providing guidance. Apple pulled back its forecast in February, and every analyst overcorrected. The company ultimately beat the consensus revenue estimate by almost $4 billion. Microsoft had also warned that its original forecast for its PC segment would be too high. The warning proved unnecessary. That segment’s revenues were right in line with the original prediction. For now, there is no winning anyway.
            Intel 
      (INTC) pulled its full-year guidance and got punished;
            Advanced Micro Devices 
      (AMD) bravely issued a full-year outlook, but it was below its previous forecast, so its stock was punished, too. This past week, Apple decided not to give guidance for its June quarter. Investors might not have liked it, but the fact is no one knows what’s coming.  June swoon? It’s good news that big tech did better than expected in the March quarter. But let’s remember that it was mid-March or later before the shutdowns really started. The economic pain didn’t hit full force until the current quarter. Amazon says it could be breakeven or worse in the June quarter, as the company ramps up Covid-19 related spending. Apple says that iPhone sales will be materially worse. The ad recoveries at Facebook and Alphabet are nice, but year-over-year comparisons in June are going to look worse than March’s. Microsoft’s cloud business looks strong, but the company won’t be insulated from a deep recession. No one will be. So it’s fine to breathe a sigh of relief over the first quarter. But keep your mask on; we’re not done yet. Write to Eric J. Savitz at eric.savitz@barrons.comIn just three days over the past week, the five largest tech companies—Microsoft, Amazon.An error has occurred, please try again later.Thank youThis article has been sent toCopyright ©2020 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.","copy personal , non commercial use . order presentation ready copies distribution colleagues , clients customers visit http     www.djreprints.com.https     www.barrons.com articles why big tech is beating the s p500 5 things we learned from earnings 51588376211in three days past week , five largest tech companies  microsoft , amazon.com , apple , alphabet , facebook  all reported earnings . also happen five largest companies   p 500 , results mattered a lot . news better feared , though plenty questions remain . five takeaways   bear market     p 500 still 10   year date thursday   close , tech heavy nasdaq composite basically back flat . credit goes tech giants . april ,   p 500 rallied 12   , big tech still managed outperform , led gains 23   facebook   ticker   fb   27   amazon   amzn   . wrote mid march , five companies exit crisis stronger began . sterling balance sheets , dominant market positions , smart management . crisis accelerating lead . apple 550 million subscribers various services . microsoft     msft   azure cloud growing revenue nearly 60   year . weeks , amazon hired 175,000 people . facebook hit 3 billion users nearly 40   earth   population . big getting bigger . better advertise d. digital advertising one primary worries internet sector heading earnings season . airlines , hotels , retailers , restaurants , movie studios all large online ad buyers have little reason promote , small businesses focused conserving cash . quarter   biggest surprise google   parent alphabet   googl   facebook said advertising demand stabilized april . pivotal research analyst michael levine , deeply bearish facebook , shocked backed away sell rating , upgrading stock hold . results , said   far better   anyone anticipated . says weakness sectors travel small business offset strength direct to consumer retail brands , technology , gaming . facebook alphabet warned risks remain , june quarter would tougher , extrapolating april risky . , , online advertising proving resilient expected . backing buybacks . previewing apple   aapl   earnings past week barrons.com , noted apple likely announce new buyback plan . one reader sent handful emails doubting apple would double stock repurchases , noting become political hot potato . fact , much corporate world suspended buyback programs . big tech . alphabet bought back   8.5 billion stock quarter , record quarterly haul   microsoft repurchased   6 billion , apple bought back   18.6 billion , raising dividend 6   . apple also announced   50 billion buyback program , top existing   40 billion authorization . investors want repurchases , would defend companies   right make .   still hiring people , spend freely research development , ample cash , continue generate lots . none taking government stimulus dollars .   buy back shares   search guidance . point ,   sure companies still providing guidance . apple pulled back forecast february , every analyst overcorrected . company ultimately beat consensus revenue estimate almost   4 billion . microsoft also warned original forecast pc segment would high . warning proved unnecessary . segment   revenues right line original prediction . , winning anyway . intel   intc   pulled full year guidance got punished   advanced micro devices   amd   bravely issued full year outlook , previous forecast , stock punished , . past week , apple decided give guidance june quarter . investors might liked , fact one knows   coming . june swoon     good news big tech better expected march quarter . let   remember mid march later shutdowns really started . economic pain   hit full force current quarter . amazon says could breakeven worse june quarter , company ramps covid 19 related spending . apple says iphone sales materially worse . ad recoveries facebook alphabet nice , year over year comparisons june going look worse march   . microsoft   cloud business looks strong , company   insulated deep recession . one .   fine breathe sigh relief first quarter . keep mask     done yet . write eric j. savitz eric.savitz   barrons.comin three days past week , five largest tech companies microsoft , amazon.an error occurred , please try later.thank youthis article sent tocopyright  2020 dow jones   company , inc. rights reservedthis copy personal , non commercial use . distribution use material governed subscriber agreement copyright law . non personal use order multiple copies , please contact dow jones reprints 1 800 843 0008 visit www.djreprints.com . ",0.141,0.763,0.096,0.9601
7,https://realmoney.thestreet.com/jim-cramer/jim-cramer-let-s-talk-about-amazon-advanced-micro-devices-and-apple-15308885?puc=yahoo&cm_ven=YAHOO&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,"Jim Cramer: Let's Talk About Amazon, Advanced Micro Devices, and Apple","Let's us talk about the Triple A's. No, not the batteries, nor the motorist's best friend, I'm talking about Amazon (AMZN) , Advanced Micro Devices  (AMD)  , and Apple (AAPL) .When I do my checks on what stocks confounded most of you, these three keep coming up.So let's spend some time on them to see if their declines after reporting make any sense.First, Amazon, the A in FANG, reported a blowout top line but a disappointing bottom line; it seems like it just isn't making enough money on those sales.The truth? It isn't and it isn't by design. The company could have made $4 billion in profit, CEO and founder Jeff Bezos said, but it has to deal with the pandemic and says he will spend all of that and maybe even more to keep his workers safe and the company functioning in a way that makes it reliable for all. ""If you are a shareholder in Amazon you may want to take a seat, because we're not thinking small,"" Bezos told us after the quarter.I think these are words that can't be dismissed idly because many of you may want to be excused while the pandemic rages and Bezos and company spend as they must. We have had periods where Amazon is in investment mode and you had to just hold on until it was over. When it was over, though, Amazon was able to pull out all of the stops and just make fortunes for shareholders.This time is different. He's not spending to make money. He spending to deal with the pandemic, which is why I think he was so circumscribed in his commentary.The revenues tell you that the product is in relentless demand. But there was one area I was a bit disappointed in: Amazon Web Services, which only grew by 33%. I know it sounds weird to say ""only"" before 33% but I thought you could get mid-40s growth. Is Microsoft's (MSFT) Azure taking share? How about Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google Cloud as it's run by a terrific exec, Thomas Kurian, who is hellbent on taking share.Whatever, what matters is that this company's just too good not to own. My advice: buy it as it comes in.Apple's a quandary. The company reported a terrific quarter but then gave no guidance. Too uncertain. When it announced that it would give no guidance the stock got hit in after hours last night but then it was decked when the president let out word that it might be time to take action against the Chinese because of the handling of the story about the coronavirus, something that's pretty much universally accepted as suboptimal. I think that Apple's right to give no guidance and it wasn't a sign of pending weakness. It was just an awareness of the dicey time we are in. Companies don't increase dividends and buybacks if they are worried about the future. Apple did both.When I spoke to Tim Cook he confirmed to me that the stay in place economy's actually good for Apple because Apple owns the home but not the enterprise. The coalescence of home and enterprise that comes from the Work From Home movement plays right into Apple's hands.If I weren't so near-term negative about the market I would tell you to buy it Monday morning. The stock was rallying before the market got crushed today. The pull of the S&P was just too great. So let's wait a bit, until the market gets less overbought if you don't already own it. Nothing's changed for me, own Apple, don't trade it, remains my mantra.Finally there is AMD and this is the easiest of the three. AMD had an amazing quarter with good demand in gaming, data center, and notebooks. I think this quarter will be even better. The company was so confident of its future that it guided to 25% growth. Knowing the CEO Lisa Su, as I do, I know that's conservative. Nevertheless, the analysts put pen to paper and decided it was a guidedown and then postulated that AMD was losing share to a renewed Intel (INTC) .Here's my take: AMD is doing extraordinarily well. It has fabulous chips in great categories with fantastic customers. Things will only get better. That's why of the three I think you can start buying this one on Monday. I'm not calling it a bottom, I am saying that it's gotten overly punished given the greatness of Su and the relentless turn at AMD.(Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and Alphabet are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS member club. Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells these stocks? Learn more now.)Action Alerts PLUS, which Cramer co-manages as a charitable trust, is long AMZN, AAPL, MSFT, GOOGL.I know that some funds actually lost their whole year or worse, because they stayed short and were forced to cover these shorts.Maybe it ends up being a small price to pay to avoid a depression.It's imperative that people get back to work, so we have this great compromise -- let's see how it might play out.Remember the mantra of the show: to teach, to educate, to explain, to put in context and entertain. I know trading. I was one.Thank you, your email to  has been sent successfully.We're sorry. There was a problem trying to send your email to . 
                Please contact customer support to let us know.Email Real Money's Wall Street Pros for further analysis and insightAlready a Subscriber? Login

                    © 1996-2020 TheStreet, Inc.,
                    225 Liberty Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10281
                 Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data & Company fundamental data provided by FactSet. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions Group.TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period.FactSet calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month.Follow Real Money's Wall Street Pros to receive real-time investing alertsAlready a Subscriber? Login
","let  s us talk triple  s . , batteries , motorist  s best friend ,  m talking amazon   amzn   , advanced micro devices   amd   , apple   aapl   .when checks stocks confounded , three keep coming up.so let  s spend time see declines reporting make sense.first , amazon , fang , reported blowout top line disappointing bottom line   seems like n t making enough money sales.the truth   n t n t design . company could made   4 billion profit , ceo founder jeff bezos said , deal pandemic says spend maybe even keep workers safe company functioning way makes reliable .    shareholder amazon may want take seat ,  re thinking small ,    bezos told us quarter.i think words ca n t dismissed idly many may want excused pandemic rages bezos company spend must . periods amazon investment mode hold . , though , amazon able pull stops make fortunes shareholders.this time different .  s spending make money . spending deal pandemic , think circumscribed commentary.the revenues tell product relentless demand . one area bit disappointed   amazon web services , grew 33   . know sounds weird say       33   thought could get mid 40s growth . microsoft  s   msft   azure taking share   alphabet  s   googl   google cloud  s run terrific exec , thomas kurian , hellbent taking share.whatever , matters company  s good . advice   buy comes in.apple  s quandary . company reported terrific quarter gave guidance . uncertain . announced would give guidance stock got hit hours last night decked president let word might time take action chinese handling story coronavirus , something  s pretty much universally accepted suboptimal . think apple  s right give guidance n t sign pending weakness . awareness dicey time . companies n t increase dividends buybacks worried future . apple both.when spoke tim cook confirmed stay place economy  s actually good apple apple owns home enterprise . coalescence home enterprise comes work home movement plays right apple  s hands.if n t near term negative market would tell buy monday morning . stock rallying market got crushed today . pull   p great . let  s wait bit , market gets less overbought n t already . nothing  s changed , apple , n t trade , remains mantra.finally amd easiest three . amd amazing quarter good demand gaming , data center , notebooks . think quarter even better . company confident future guided 25   growth . knowing ceo lisa su , , know  s conservative . nevertheless , analysts put pen paper decided guidedown postulated amd losing share renewed intel   intc   .here  s take   amd extraordinarily well . fabulous chips great categories fantastic customers . things get better .  s three think start buying one monday .  m calling bottom , saying  s gotten overly punished given greatness su relentless turn amd .   amazon , apple , microsoft alphabet holdings jim cramer  s action alerts plus member club . want alerted jim cramer buys sells stocks   learn .   action alerts plus , cramer co manages charitable trust , long amzn , aapl , msft , googl.i know funds actually lost whole year worse , stayed short forced cover shorts.maybe ends small price pay avoid depression.it  s imperative people get back work , great compromise    let  s see might play out.remember mantra show   teach , educate , explain , put context entertain . know trading . one.thank , email sent successfully.we  re sorry . problem trying send email . please contact customer support let us know.email real money  s wall street pros analysis insightalready subscriber   login   1996 2020 thestreet , inc. , 225 liberty street , 27th floor , new york , ny 10281 except otherwise indicated , quotes delayed . quotes delayed least 20 minutes exchanges . market data   company fundamental data provided factset . earnings ratings provided zacks . mutual fund data provided valueline . etf data provided lipper . powered implemented factset digital solutions group.thestreet ratings updates stock ratings daily . however , rating change occurs , data page update . data update 90 days rating change occurs within time period.factset calculates market cap basic symbol include common shares . year to date mutual fund returns calculated monthly basis value line posted mid month.follow real money  s wall street pros receive real time investing alertsalready subscriber   login ",0.203,0.717,0.081,0.9971
8,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/video-warren-buffetts-market-indicator-225952895.html,2020-05-01,Video: Warren Buffett's Market Indicator Rises Above 130%,"On Friday, the day before Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s (NYSE:BRK.A)(NYSE:BRK.B) annual shareholder meeting, Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio)'s favorite market indicator stood at 132.4%, up 18.8% from the April 1 level of 113.6% yet 18.9% below the December 2019 high of 151.3%.Dow starts May lower as Apple and Amazon updates June-quarter plans amid coronavirusThe Dow Jones Industrial Average traded at an intraday low of 23,731.33, down 614.39 points from Thursday's close of 24,345.72 on the heels of Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), a holding of Berkshire, announcing in a first-quarter earnings release that the Seattle-based e-commerce giant plans to spend its entire expected second-quarter operating profit of $4 billion on coronavirus-related expenses ""getting products to customers and keeping employees safe,"" according to CEO Jeff Bezos.Likewise, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), the top holding of Berkshire based on the December 2019 13-F filing, said on Wednesday that due to the uncertainty regarding the virus, the Cupertino, California-based tech giant skipped its June-quarter earnings guidance despite reporting adjusted earnings that topped consensus estimates.Market is coming off strong month of April, Buffett indicator rises back above 130%The Dow Jones advanced over 11% during the month of April on hopes for a potential treatment of the Covid-19 virus and the reopening of the economy as the number of new cases starts declining.As the markets rise from the all-time lows during late March, the ratio of total market cap to gross domestic product soared above 130%, yet is still approximately 20% below the all-time high.Based on the current market valuation level, the expected market return over the next eight years is approximately -0.4% per year assuming a reversion to the mean level of 80%. According to the predicted and actual returns chart, the expected return ranges from -8.2% per year in the most-pessimistic case to 4.50% in the most-optimistic case.GuruFocus' Interactive Chart allows users to visualize historical valuationsThe following video explores how GuruFocus Premium users can visualize historical valuations using the Interactive Chart. Two key built-in chart templates are the Peter Lynch Chart and the price-sales valuation bands chart.Legendary investor Peter Lynch, who managed the Fidelity Magellan Fund during the 1980s, developed a quick way to determine if a stock is undervalued or overvalued: Compare the price line to an earnings line based on a price-earnings ratio of 15. Figure 1 illustrates a sample Peter Lynch Chart for Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE:KO), Berkshire's third-largest holding as of the December 2019 filing.Figure 1As Figure 1 illustrates, Coca-Cola's price line is above the Peter Lynch earnings line, suggesting possible overvaluation.Lynch warned that cyclical companies like Amazon and Apple might have high profit margins at the peak of business cycles, resulting in artificially-low price-earnings ratios. Coca-Cola, on the other hand, is in the consumer defensive sector and thus the Atlanta-based beverage company's profit margins are not as sensitive to changes in the business cycle.Unlike the price-earnings ratio, the price-sales ratio is less impacted by cyclicality and, therefore, more accurately compares current valuations to historical valuations. Buffett's market indicator of total market cap to gross domestic product is like a price-sales ratio, with the total market cap representing the price of the U.S. market and gross domestic product as the total sales of the U.S. market. Figure 2 illustrates a sample price-sales valuation bands chart for Apple.Figure 2As Figure 2 illustrates, Apple's price line is near the midpoint of the two valuation bands, suggesting fair valuation.Disclosure: The author is long Apple as of this writing. The discussion of Berkshire's portfolio holdings in this article is based on the conglomerate's December 2019 13-F and does not consider any trades made during the first quarter of 2020. Per Securities and Exchange Commission regulations, the deadline to report quarterly portfolios is 45 days after the quarter ends.Read more here:Not a Premium Member of GuruFocus? Sign up for a free 7-day trial here.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.","friday , day berkshire hathaway inc.  s   nyse   brk.a     nyse   brk.b   annual shareholder meeting , warren buffett   trades , portfolio    s favorite market indicator stood 132.4   , 18.8   april 1 level 113.6   yet 18.9   december 2019 high 151.3   .dow starts may lower apple amazon updates june quarter plans amid coronavirusthe dow jones industrial average traded intraday low 23,731.33 , 614.39 points thursday  s close 24,345.72 heels amazon.com inc.   nasdaq   amzn   , holding berkshire , announcing first quarter earnings release seattle based e commerce giant plans spend entire expected second quarter operating profit   4 billion coronavirus related expenses    getting products customers keeping employees safe ,    according ceo jeff bezos.likewise , apple inc.   nasdaq   aapl   , top holding berkshire based december 2019 13 f filing , said wednesday due uncertainty regarding virus , cupertino , california based tech giant skipped june quarter earnings guidance despite reporting adjusted earnings topped consensus estimates.market coming strong month april , buffett indicator rises back 130   dow jones advanced 11   month april hopes potential treatment covid 19 virus reopening economy number new cases starts declining.as markets rise all time lows late march , ratio total market cap gross domestic product soared 130   , yet still approximately 20   all time high.based current market valuation level , expected market return next eight years approximately  0.4   per year assuming reversion mean level 80   . according predicted actual returns chart , expected return ranges  8.2   per year most pessimistic case 4.50   most optimistic case.gurufocus   interactive chart allows users visualize historical valuationsthe following video explores gurufocus premium users visualize historical valuations using interactive chart . two key built in chart templates peter lynch chart price sales valuation bands chart.legendary investor peter lynch , managed fidelity magellan fund 1980s , developed quick way determine stock undervalued overvalued   compare price line earnings line based price earnings ratio 15. figure 1 illustrates sample peter lynch chart coca cola co.   nyse   ko   , berkshire  s third largest holding december 2019 filing.figure 1as figure 1 illustrates , coca cola  s price line peter lynch earnings line , suggesting possible overvaluation.lynch warned cyclical companies like amazon apple might high profit margins peak business cycles , resulting artificially low price earnings ratios . coca cola , hand , consumer defensive sector thus atlanta based beverage company  s profit margins sensitive changes business cycle.unlike price earnings ratio , price sales ratio less impacted cyclicality , therefore , accurately compares current valuations historical valuations . buffett  s market indicator total market cap gross domestic product like price sales ratio , total market cap representing price u.s. market gross domestic product total sales u.s. market . figure 2 illustrates sample price sales valuation bands chart apple.figure 2as figure 2 illustrates , apple  s price line near midpoint two valuation bands , suggesting fair valuation.disclosure   author long apple writing . discussion berkshire  s portfolio holdings article based conglomerate  s december 2019 13 f consider trades made first quarter 2020. per securities exchange commission regulations , deadline report quarterly portfolios 45 days quarter ends.read   premium member gurufocus   sign free 7 day trial here.this article first appeared gurufocus . ",0.098,0.852,0.05,0.9643
9,https://www.barrons.com/articles/dow-jones-industrial-average-fell-as-investors-need-a-break-after-the-april-rally-51588368099?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,The Dow Tumbled 622 Points Because Investors Need a Break After the April Rally,"This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.https://www.barrons.com/articles/dow-jones-industrial-average-fell-as-investors-need-a-break-after-the-april-rally-51588368099After rallying 12.9% and 11.1% in April, the
        S&P 500
      and
        Dow Jones Industrial Average,
      respectively, each finished their best month in 33 years. But the momentum faded the first day in May, as all three major indexes tumbled into the red. The Dow declined 622.03 points, or 2.55%, to finish at 23723.69. The S&P 500 lost 81.72 points, or 2.81%, to close at 2830.71, and the
        Nasdaq Composite
      fell 284.60 points, or 3.20%, to end at 8604.95.Investors might be spooked by tensions flaring up between the U.S. and China. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which coordinates the work of 17 U.S. spy agencies, said in an unusual public statement that U.S. intelligence are investigating whether or not the coronavirus outbreak was the result of a laboratory accident in Wuhan, China. The organization said that intelligence agencies concur the broad scientific consensus that the Covid-19 virus was not man-made or genetically modified. President Donald Trump threatened to impose tariffs to retaliate against Beijing over its handling of the pandemic.Latest economic data also offered more clues on how the coronavirus pandemic has impacted American businesses. The Institute for Supply Management’s Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index fell to 41.5 points in April, from 49.1 in the prior month. While the headline reading came better than what economists had expected, the new orders and production components of the survey showed the steepest declines, to 27.1 and 27.5, respectively. Levels below 50 signify a contraction.Earnings continued to drive many of Friday’s individual stock moves.
            Apple
      (ticker: AAPL) stock fell 1.6%—despite better-than-expected first-quarter earnings—after the company said it will not issue second-quarter financial guidance due to coronavirus-spurred uncertainty.
Amazon.com
      (AMZN) has seen a surge in demand and revenue as home-bound consumers are reliant on online shopping. Still, the stock dropped 7.6% on Friday as first-quarter profits came in lower than expected on the back of higher spending. CEO Jeff Bezos warned that the company expects to spend heavily in the second quarter due to Covid-19-related expenses, such as getting products to customers and keeping employees safe.Both stocks weigh heavily in the S&P 500 due to their massive market caps, and their fall today weighed on the index’s Friday performance.Looking past the headlines, though, the market’s fall on Thursday and Friday might be simply indicating investors’ fatigue from the recent relief rally. Market has recovered much ground from the late-February and early-March selloff, although the pandemic still looms large and many states remain under a shutdown. Stock valuations are flying high, as earnings prospects shrink, but equity prices didn’t follow. The market might be simply due for some reversion to the mean.The seasonality doesn’t help either. Statistically, the S&P 500 and Dow have each gained an average of about 5% during the November-to-April period since their inceptions, but only 2% from May through October—a historical tendency that’s coined the Wall Street adage “sell in May and go away.”Some investors may have done just that today.  Write to Evie Liu at evie.liu@barrons.comAfter rallying 12.An error has occurred, please try again later.Thank youThis article has been sent toCopyright ©2020 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.","copy personal , non commercial use . order presentation ready copies distribution colleagues , clients customers visit http     www.djreprints.com.https     www.barrons.com articles dow jones industrial average fell as investors need a break after the april rally 51588368099after rallying 12.9   11.1   april ,   p 500 dow jones industrial average , respectively , finished best month 33 years . momentum faded first day may , three major indexes tumbled red . dow declined 622.03 points , 2.55   , finish 23723.69.   p 500 lost 81.72 points , 2.81   , close 2830.71 , nasdaq composite fell 284.60 points , 3.20   , end 8604.95.investors might spooked tensions flaring u.s. china . office director national intelligence , coordinates work 17 u.s. spy agencies , said unusual public statement u.s. intelligence investigating whether coronavirus outbreak result laboratory accident wuhan , china . organization said intelligence agencies concur broad scientific consensus covid 19 virus man made genetically modified . president donald trump threatened impose tariffs retaliate beijing handling pandemic.latest economic data also offered clues coronavirus pandemic impacted american businesses . institute supply management   manufacturing purchasing managers   index fell 41.5 points april , 49.1 prior month . headline reading came better economists expected , new orders production components survey showed steepest declines , 27.1 27.5 , respectively . levels 50 signify contraction.earnings continued drive many friday   individual stock moves . apple   ticker   aapl   stock fell 1.6    despite better than expected first quarter earnings after company said issue second quarter financial guidance due coronavirus spurred uncertainty . amazon.com   amzn   seen surge demand revenue home bound consumers reliant online shopping . still , stock dropped 7.6   friday first quarter profits came lower expected back higher spending . ceo jeff bezos warned company expects spend heavily second quarter due covid 19 related expenses , getting products customers keeping employees safe.both stocks weigh heavily   p 500 due massive market caps , fall today weighed index   friday performance.looking past headlines , though , market   fall thursday friday might simply indicating investors   fatigue recent relief rally . market recovered much ground late february early march selloff , although pandemic still looms large many states remain shutdown . stock valuations flying high , earnings prospects shrink , equity prices   follow . market might simply due reversion mean.the seasonality   help either . statistically ,   p 500 dow gained average 5   november to april period since inceptions , 2   may october a historical tendency   coined wall street adage   sell may go away.   investors may done today . write evie liu evie.liu   barrons.comafter rallying 12.an error occurred , please try later.thank youthis article sent tocopyright  2020 dow jones   company , inc. rights reservedthis copy personal , non commercial use . distribution use material governed subscriber agreement copyright law . non personal use order multiple copies , please contact dow jones reprints 1 800 843 0008 visit www.djreprints.com . ",0.109,0.829,0.062,0.9705
10,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-exxon-mobil-earnings-weigh-211242115.html,2020-05-01,"Amazon, Exxon Mobil Earnings Weigh On Market To Start New Month As Caution Steers The Wheel","Look out, everyone. There’s a new month in town, and it’s not starting out very auspiciously for investors.After stocks enjoyed their best month since 1987 in April, May’s entrance reminded us of the harsh winds of March that we’d probably rather forget. The tech heavyweights that led things up are now kind of leading everything back down. It had been a great week up until yesterday, but the last two days wiped out most of the gains. Remember that old twist on the “light at the end of the tunnel” analogy, where the light turns out to be a freight train heading right at you? Maybe that’s how investors felt after Thursday and Friday’s collective selloff ran over the rally that had been gaining traction. Of course more positive news could happen any time to get hopes up again, there’s just no way to know.In a way, this week was the polar opposite of last, with selling late in the week following an early rally. There’s likely a bit of month-end profit taking playing into this, some technical pressure, and also some “sell the fact” unwinding following so many FAANG companies reporting. Those stocks rallied pretty hard through April and were looking a little overbought to some participants, so it’s not a shock to see them lose ground. The question is how much of this weakness ends up spilling over into next week, so you might want to consider taking a close look at the futures market Sunday night for clues. It’s also the first Friday in a while to suffer from the “Friday syndrome” that torched so many rallies earlier this year when many seemed cautious about carrying long positions into the weekend. One Friday doesn’t make a trend, but next Friday is payrolls day, so it could get interesting.Amazon Leading Tech LowerThe first victim of Friday’s plunge became evident in futures trading late Thursday after trillion-dollar club member Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) reported earnings. The company’s focus on billions of dollars in costs associated with the pandemic came as a bit of a reality check for the market, which had sent AMZN shares to all-time highs amid talk of how firm revenue looked.Some companies in the tech space have done great, and investors have heard anecdotally about sales but not about costs. All the anecdotal stories focused on revenue being through the roof, but AMZN’s earnings suggested it hasn’t all been profitable revenue growth, and that the current economic data is affecting these companies as well.The Information Technology sector is what led everything higher over the last month, and companies like Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), AMZN, and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) are heavyweights that dominate the major indices. Their performance or lack thereof can have a huge impact on the overall market.AMZN had great revenues, but expenses went up at the same time and a lot of them were employee-related and front loaded, meaning they could hurt the company’s current quarter. AAPL, also fresh off its earnings report, might have worried investors by indicating they’re not sure how many iPhones they can sell in current conditions.To bring back another old friend some would rather forget, trade tensions with China reappeared in the headlines Friday as The Washington Post warned that the administration might be considering new trade restrictions as President Trump has begun blaming China for the pandemic. Geopolitics tied up the market for long stretches last year before yielding to the virus. Still, apparently we’re not out of the woods when it comes to the trade war. Volatility, which had died down pretty dramatically, surged on Friday with the Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) once again approaching 40 after falling to the low-30’s earlier in the week. This served as a reminder that things could remain choppy for a while, with so much unknown. The market was already lower Friday before Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ: TSLA) CEO Elon Musk delivered a head-scratching statement about his company’s stock price being too high. It’s hard to think of any other CEO who’s ever said that, but Musk did and the stock suffered for it. This might serve as another reminder to investors about being careful what you get into. Fundamentals drive markets over the long term, so trading on emotions or headlines can be a double-edged sword. While the week ended and the month began on a sour note, let’s not forget some of the positive news that helped fuel the rally earlier this week. Positive news on drug trials and strong earnings from companies like MSFT, Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), and Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) shouldn’t be forgotten so fast. Together, these three have trillions in market valuation and exert a really strong influence on the major indices.AAPL fell Friday despite the positive news that it plans to increase its dividend and continue buying back shares. The company also beat Wall Street’s consensus on earnings and revenue. Seeing this kind of news from what’s arguably the most closely watched company in the world could be taken as a sign of confidence that AAPL can weather the storm, as we noted this morning.The Depowered...Though AMZN and AAPL arguably led the charge lower beginning with yesterday's earnings releases, it's the Energy sector at the bottom of the sector leaderboard Friday.  Crude oil futures (/CL) had a decent day as the front-month U.S. contract clawed back to nearly $20 a barrel by the time trading closed. Still, Energy companies like Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM)—which reported earnings early Friday—and ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP) both plunged around 7%. Phillips 66 (NYSE: PSX)—which also released this morning—fared even worse, with shares falling over 9%.Even though June crude futures are knocking on the door of $20, it could be hurting Energy firms that futures contracts farther out into the year have pretty much all descended from the $30’s into the $20’s over the last few weeks, a sign that investors might expect the supply/demand picture to stay out of balance for a while. In other words, no matter how you slice it, the oil services industry is in for a tough slog.  Energy had the worst day of any sector, falling 6%....and the TurboChargedWhile big tech and Energy stocks lost significant ground Friday, some of the companies that tend to have traded in the opposite direction of the tech behemoths made progress. Several major stocks had pretty decent days, one of them being The Clorox Company (NYSELCLX). That company had a great quarter like AMZN, but without the added employment and shipping expenses.Two other stocks that have traded against the grain recently are Walmart (NYSE: WMT) and Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST). It’s amazing that every time the overall market goes down, these are two that people seem to turn to, and, as if on cue, they both turned up Friday. That’s been the story and it got a new chapter written Friday. However, it’s not necessarily the happiest story if you’re a bull, because those are the kinds of companies that sell staple products that typically do well when people are hunkering down in a crisis. It might be seen as a better indicator when you see companies in the travel and entertainment sectors do well, because that could point toward people having faith in this crisis starting to go away.The market is arguably in better shape from a technical perspective than it was back in March. Recent selloffs tended to get met with buying interest amid positive feelings that the Fed has investors’ backs. That said, the S&P 500’s (SPX) test and failure to break through its 200-day moving average earlier this week could have weighed on stocks Friday, along with a failure to stay above the 2940 area, which was about where a long-term top was reached in the fall of 2018 before everything fell out of bed in the final quarter of that year.We’re now about halfway through earnings season, and it’s like baseball great Yogi Berra once said, “You never know.” Investors just haven’t learned a ton from earnings. Only that there’s more costs and companies don’t know what’s ahead. That’s a strong reminder that we’re not out of the woods.One other interesting note and then you’re free to enjoy your weekend: The 10-year Treasury note did a pretty decent job hanging in above 0.6% this week, though that’s incredibly low historically. The fact that it didn’t challenge its all-time lows set back in March even as stocks fizzled Friday could be a positive sign heading into the new week.  CHART OF THE DAY: SPX HITS A HARD WALL. After the S&P 500 Index (SPX–candlestick) started moving higher than its 50% Fibonacci retracement level, all eyes were at the next resistance level—61.8%. It reached that level on Wednesday, went slightly above it, and then hit its 200-day exponential moving average (blue line). That was a hard wall to break through. SPX has moved lower since then and is now heading toward its 50% retracement level. Data Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices. Chart Source: The thinkorswim® platform from TD Ameritrade. For illustrative purposes only. Past performance does not guarantee future results.TD Ameritrade® commentary for educational purposes only. Member SIPC. See more from Benzinga© 2020 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.","look , everyone .   new month town ,   starting auspiciously investors.after stocks enjoyed best month since 1987 april , may   entrance reminded us harsh winds march   probably rather forget . tech heavyweights led things kind leading everything back . great week yesterday , last two days wiped gains . remember old twist   light end tunnel   analogy , light turns freight train heading right   maybe   investors felt thursday friday   collective selloff ran rally gaining traction . course positive news could happen time get hopes ,   way know.in way , week polar opposite last , selling late week following early rally .   likely bit month end profit taking playing , technical pressure , also   sell fact   unwinding following many faang companies reporting . stocks rallied pretty hard april looking little overbought participants ,   shock see lose ground . question much weakness ends spilling next week , might want consider taking close look futures market sunday night clues .   also first friday suffer   friday syndrome   torched many rallies earlier year many seemed cautious carrying long positions weekend . one friday   make trend , next friday payrolls day , could get interesting.amazon leading tech lowerthe first victim friday   plunge became evident futures trading late thursday trillion dollar club member amazon.com , inc.   nasdaq   amzn   reported earnings . company   focus billions dollars costs associated pandemic came bit reality check market , sent amzn shares all time highs amid talk firm revenue looked.some companies tech space done great , investors heard anecdotally sales costs . anecdotal stories focused revenue roof , amzn   earnings suggested   profitable revenue growth , current economic data affecting companies well.the information technology sector led everything higher last month , companies like apple , inc.   nasdaq   aapl   , amzn , microsoft corporation   nasdaq   msft   heavyweights dominate major indices . performance lack thereof huge impact overall market.amzn great revenues , expenses went time lot employee related front loaded , meaning could hurt company   current quarter . aapl , also fresh earnings report , might worried investors indicating   sure many iphones sell current conditions.to bring back another old friend would rather forget , trade tensions china reappeared headlines friday washington post warned administration might considering new trade restrictions president trump begun blaming china pandemic . geopolitics tied market long stretches last year yielding virus . still , apparently   woods comes trade war . volatility , died pretty dramatically , surged friday cboe volatility index   vix   approaching 40 falling low 30   earlier week . served reminder things could remain choppy , much unknown . market already lower friday tesla , inc.   nasdaq   tsla   ceo elon musk delivered head scratching statement company   stock price high .   hard think ceo   ever said , musk stock suffered . might serve another reminder investors careful get . fundamentals drive markets long term , trading emotions headlines double edged sword . week ended month began sour note , let   forget positive news helped fuel rally earlier week . positive news drug trials strong earnings companies like msft , facebook , inc.   nasdaq   fb   , alphabet , inc.   nasdaq   goog     nasdaq   googl     forgotten fast . together , three trillions market valuation exert really strong influence major indices.aapl fell friday despite positive news plans increase dividend continue buying back shares . company also beat wall street   consensus earnings revenue . seeing kind news   arguably closely watched company world could taken sign confidence aapl weather storm , noted morning.the depowered ... though amzn aapl arguably led charge lower beginning yesterday  s earnings releases ,  s energy sector bottom sector leaderboard friday . crude oil futures    cl   decent day front month u.s. contract clawed back nearly   20 barrel time trading closed . still , energy companies like exxon mobil corporation   nyse   xom    which reported earnings early friday and conocophillips   nyse   cop   plunged around 7   . phillips 66   nyse   psx    which also released morning fared even worse , shares falling 9   .even though june crude futures knocking door   20 , could hurting energy firms futures contracts farther year pretty much descended   30     20   last weeks , sign investors might expect supply demand picture stay balance . words , matter slice , oil services industry tough slog . energy worst day sector , falling 6   .... turbochargedwhile big tech energy stocks lost significant ground friday , companies tend traded opposite direction tech behemoths made progress . several major stocks pretty decent days , one clorox company   nyselclx   . company great quarter like amzn , without added employment shipping expenses.two stocks traded grain recently walmart   nyse   wmt   costco wholesale corporation   nasdaq   cost   .   amazing every time overall market goes , two people seem turn , , cue , turned friday .   story got new chapter written friday . however ,   necessarily happiest story   bull , kinds companies sell staple products typically well people hunkering crisis . might seen better indicator see companies travel entertainment sectors well , could point toward people faith crisis starting go away.the market arguably better shape technical perspective back march . recent selloffs tended get met buying interest amid positive feelings fed investors   backs . said ,   p 500     spx   test failure break 200 day moving average earlier week could weighed stocks friday , along failure stay 2940 area , long term top reached fall 2018 everything fell bed final quarter year.we   halfway earnings season ,   like baseball great yogi berra said ,   never know.   investors   learned ton earnings .   costs companies   know   ahead .   strong reminder   woods.one interesting note   free enjoy weekend   10 year treasury note pretty decent job hanging 0.6   week , though   incredibly low historically . fact   challenge all time lows set back march even stocks fizzled friday could positive sign heading new week . chart day   spx hits hard wall .   p 500 index   spx candlestick   started moving higher 50   fibonacci retracement level , eyes next resistance level 61.8   . reached level wednesday , went slightly , hit 200 day exponential moving average   blue line   . hard wall break . spx moved lower since heading toward 50   retracement level . data source     p dow jones indices . chart source   thinkorswim  platform td ameritrade . illustrative purposes . past performance guarantee future results.td ameritrade  commentary educational purposes . member sipc . see benzinga  2020 benzinga.com . benzinga provide investment advice . rights reserved . ",0.182,0.707,0.111,0.9977
11,https://www.investopedia.com/top-strategists-on-where-to-invest-now-4843888?utm_campaign=quote-yahoo&utm_source=yahoo&utm_medium=referral&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,Top Strategists on Where to Invest Now,nan,nan ,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0
12,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/here-are-fridays-biggest-stock-market-losers-driven-lower-by-disappointing-earnings-and-a-shrinking-manufacturing-sector-2020-05-01?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,"Here are Friday’s biggest stock-market losers, driven lower by disappointing earnings and a shrinking manufacturing sector","U.S. stocks posted broad declines to start the new month, as disappointing earnings reports and a set of economic numbers soured investors’ mood.• The Dow Jones Industrial Average
        DJIA, 
        -2.55%
      sank 622 points, or 2.6%, to close at 23,723.69. The index is now down 19.7% from its closing high Feb. 12, but up 27.6% from its 2020 closing low set March 23. (All figures in this article exclude dividends.)• The S&P 500 Index
        SPX, 
        -2.80%
      was down 2.8% and ended 16.4% below its record closing level set Feb. 19, and was 26.5% above its 2020 closing low set March 23. • The Nasdaq Composite Index
        COMP, 
        -3.20%
      was worst of the three Friday with a 3.2% slide, ending 12.3% below its record closing high Feb. 19, but up 25.4% from its 2020 closing low set March 23.The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index fell during April to 41.5% from 49.1% in March. The April level was the lowest since April 2009. Any reading below 50% indicates contraction of the manufacturing sector.Amazon.com
        AMZN, 
        -7.59%
      had been a market leader during the COVID-19 lockdown, but its shares fell 8% after CEO Jeff Bezos told shareholders Thursday after the market closed that they “may want to take a seat” because of plans to spend its entire second-quarter operating profit.Investors were also disappointed with Apple’s
        AAPL, 
        -1.61%
      earnings report released Thursday after the market close because of a decision by the company not to provide forecasts. The iPhone maker boosted its stock buyback program by $50 billion.Shares of Tesla fell 10% on Friday after CEO Elon Musk said during market hours Friday that the electric-car maker’s share price was too high.Boeing’s
        BA, 
        -5.42%
      stock was down 5% on Friday after the company announced $25 billion in new debt offerings. All but one of the components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell Friday:Click on the tickers for more about each company. Scroll the table to see all the data.Dow Inc.
        DOW, 
        -7.52%
      was the worst performer in the Dow, even though the company met analysts’ expectations for first-quarter net income and beat sales estimates.Among the S&P 500, 471 stocks declined Friday. Here are the day’s 10 worst performers:Here are Friday’s worst 10 performers among components of the Nasdaq-100 Index
        NDX, 
        -3.13%
      :Don’t miss:Seven stock picks from a five-star money manager’s ‘disruptive’ portfolioIf the most closely watched gauge of oil prices is worthless, is it time to dump oil stocks? Probably not, particularly if you are holding stocks that can generate enough cash to meet obligations through the end of next year.Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics.  He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com and TheStreet Ratings.  He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, focusing on wholesale credit.Copyright © 2020 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the
                Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Updated 03/26/2020

Privacy Notice and
                Cookie Notice.

          Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use.
          Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET.
          All quotes are in local exchange time.
          Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
          Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        ","u.s. stocks posted broad declines start new month , disappointing earnings reports set economic numbers soured investors   mood.  dow jones industrial average djia ,  2.55   sank 622 points , 2.6   , close 23,723.69. index 19.7   closing high feb. 12 , 27.6   2020 closing low set march 23 .   figures article exclude dividends .       p 500 index spx ,  2.80   2.8   ended 16.4   record closing level set feb. 19 , 26.5   2020 closing low set march 23 .   nasdaq composite index comp ,  3.20   worst three friday 3.2   slide , ending 12.3   record closing high feb. 19 , 25.4   2020 closing low set march 23.the institute supply management said manufacturing index fell april 41.5   49.1   march . april level lowest since april 2009. reading 50   indicates contraction manufacturing sector.amazon.com amzn ,  7.59   market leader covid 19 lockdown , shares fell 8   ceo jeff bezos told shareholders thursday market closed   may want take seat   plans spend entire second quarter operating profit.investors also disappointed apple   aapl ,  1.61   earnings report released thursday market close decision company provide forecasts . iphone maker boosted stock buyback program   50 billion.shares tesla fell 10   friday ceo elon musk said market hours friday electric car maker   share price high.boeing   ba ,  5.42   stock 5   friday company announced   25 billion new debt offerings . one components dow jones industrial average fell friday   click tickers company . scroll table see data.dow inc. dow ,  7.52   worst performer dow , even though company met analysts   expectations first quarter net income beat sales estimates.among   p 500 , 471 stocks declined friday . day   10 worst performers   friday   worst 10 performers among components nasdaq 100 index ndx ,  3.13       miss   seven stock picks five star money manager     disruptive   portfolioif closely watched gauge oil prices worthless , time dump oil stocks   probably , particularly holding stocks generate enough cash meet obligations end next year.philip van doorn covers various investment industry topics . previously worked senior analyst thestreet.com thestreet ratings . also experience community banking credit analyst federal home loan bank new york , focusing wholesale credit.copyright   2020 marketwatch , inc. rights reserved . using site agree subscriber agreement   terms use updated 03 26 2020 privacy notice cookie notice . intraday data provided factset subject terms use . historical current end of day data provided factset . quotes local exchange time . real time last sale data u.s. stock quotes reflect trades reported nasdaq . intraday data delayed least 15 minutes per exchange requirements . ",0.041,0.843,0.116,-0.9831
13,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stocks-wall-street-tumbles-203115287.html,2020-05-01,US STOCKS-Wall Street tumbles as renewed tariff threat adds to uncertainties,"(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click or type LIVE/ in a news window.)* Tesla plunges after Musk tweet* Amazon drops after forecasting possible Q2 loss* U.S. manufacturing skids to 11-year low in April* Indexes down: Dow 2.55%, S&P 500 2.81%, Nasdaq 3.20% (Updates to market close)By Stephen CulpNEW YORK, May 1 (Reuters) - Wall Street sold off sharply on Friday after President Donald Trump revived a threat of new tariffs against China in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has brought global economies to a grinding halt.All three major U.S. stock averages closed down well over 2%, and for the week they all lost ground.May is often marked by sell-offs, and on the month's first day, with jitters on the rise as some U.S. states begin easing coronavirus shutdowns, the adage held true.""Markets had a very strong April as they looked through the valley of economic weakness to a point when stimulus will reignite economic growth,"" said David Carter, chief investment officer at Lenox Wealth Advisors in New York. ""But it could be a longer and deeper valley than many hoped.""Indeed, stocks had a remarkable run in April, with the S&P 500 and the Dow both posting their strongest monthly percentage gains in 33 years.Trump said his administration was crafting retaliatory measures against China as punishment for the coronavirus outbreak, once again sparking tariff fears that rattled markets through much of the last two years. Trump has blamed China for what he says is ""misinformation"" when the virus emerged from the Chinese city of Wuhan and then quickly spread around the world.""Trump poking China was the last thing markets needed given so much present economic and financial uncertainty,"" Carter added.A mixed bag of earnings, particularly a disappointing report from Amazon.com, along with a fresh round of dismal economic data, also weighed on sentiment.U.S. manufacturing activity skidded to an 11-year low last month as lockdowns shuttered factories, according to the Institute for Supply Management's purchasing managers index.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 622.03 points, or 2.55%, to 23,723.69, the S&P 500 lost 81.72 points, or 2.81%, to 2,830.71, and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 284.60 points, or 3.2%, to 8,604.95.All 11 sectors of the S&P 500 closed in the red, with energy companies suffering the largest percentage drop.The corporate reporting season has crossed the midpoint, with 275 of the companies in the S&P 500 having reported quarterly results. Of those, 68% have beaten consensus estimates.In aggregate, first-quarter S&P 500 earnings are seen having fallen 12.7% from a year ago, a stark reversal from the 6.3% annual growth forecast that stood on Jan. 1.Tesla Inc plunged 10.3% after company Chief Executive Elon Musk said in a tweet that the electric car maker's stock price was ""too high.""Amazon.com shares slid 7.6% after the online retailer warned pandemic-related expenses could lead to its first quarterly loss in five years.Apple Inc's quarterly results beat expectations, but the iPhone maker declined to provide current-quarter forecasts. Its shares lost 1.6%.Exxon Mobil dropped 7.2% after the company reported a drop in profit due to a massive $3 billion writedown on plummeting oil demand and prices.Rival Chevron Corp posted a 38% profit increase, boosted by asset sales, and slashed spending plans. Its shares dipped 2.8%.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 5.23-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 4.40-to-1 ratio favored decliners.The S&P 500 posted no new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 17 new highs and 12 new lows.Volume on U.S. exchanges was 10.17 billion shares, compared with the 12.19 billion average over the last 20 trading days. (Reporting by Stephen Culp; Editing by Leslie Adler)","  live blog u.s. stock market , click type live  news window .     tesla plunges musk tweet   amazon drops forecasting possible q2 loss   u.s. manufacturing skids 11 year low april   indexes   dow 2.55   ,   p 500 2.81   , nasdaq 3.20     updates market close   stephen culpnew york , may 1   reuters     wall street sold sharply friday president donald trump revived threat new tariffs china response covid 19 pandemic , brought global economies grinding halt.all three major u.s. stock averages closed well 2   , week lost ground.may often marked sell offs , month  s first day , jitters rise u.s. states begin easing coronavirus shutdowns , adage held true .    markets strong april looked valley economic weakness point stimulus reignite economic growth ,    said david carter , chief investment officer lenox wealth advisors new york .    could longer deeper valley many hoped .    indeed , stocks remarkable run april ,   p 500 dow posting strongest monthly percentage gains 33 years.trump said administration crafting retaliatory measures china punishment coronavirus outbreak , sparking tariff fears rattled markets much last two years . trump blamed china says    misinformation    virus emerged chinese city wuhan quickly spread around world .    trump poking china last thing markets needed given much present economic financial uncertainty ,    carter added.a mixed bag earnings , particularly disappointing report amazon.com , along fresh round dismal economic data , also weighed sentiment.u.s . manufacturing activity skidded 11 year low last month lockdowns shuttered factories , according institute supply management  s purchasing managers index.the dow jones industrial average fell 622.03 points , 2.55   , 23,723.69 ,   p 500 lost 81.72 points , 2.81   , 2,830.71 , nasdaq composite dropped 284.60 points , 3.2   , 8,604.95.all 11 sectors   p 500 closed red , energy companies suffering largest percentage drop.the corporate reporting season crossed midpoint , 275 companies   p 500 reported quarterly results . , 68   beaten consensus estimates.in aggregate , first quarter   p 500 earnings seen fallen 12.7   year ago , stark reversal 6.3   annual growth forecast stood jan. 1.tesla inc plunged 10.3   company chief executive elon musk said tweet electric car maker  s stock price    high .    amazon.com shares slid 7.6   online retailer warned pandemic related expenses could lead first quarterly loss five years.apple inc  s quarterly results beat expectations , iphone maker declined provide current quarter forecasts . shares lost 1.6   .exxon mobil dropped 7.2   company reported drop profit due massive   3 billion writedown plummeting oil demand prices.rival chevron corp posted 38   profit increase , boosted asset sales , slashed spending plans . shares dipped 2.8   .declining issues outnumbered advancing ones nyse 5.23 to 1 ratio   nasdaq , 4.40 to 1 ratio favored decliners.the   p 500 posted new 52 week highs two new lows   nasdaq composite recorded 17 new highs 12 new lows.volume u.s. exchanges 10.17 billion shares , compared 12.19 billion average last 20 trading days .   reporting stephen culp   editing leslie adler   ",0.125,0.75,0.125,-0.024
14,https://www.barrons.com/articles/stocks-moving-premarket-apple-amazon-clorox-51588336243?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,Stocks Fall as Tech Earnings Fail to Impress. Amazon Stock Drops.,"This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.https://www.barrons.com/articles/stocks-moving-premarket-apple-amazon-clorox-51588336243Investors rushed to unload stocks as a new month begins, in keeping with the market adage “Sell in May and go away.”All three of the major U.S. indexes traded in the red after earnings from the major tech companies failed to wow Wall Street. Renewed tensions between the U.S. and China played a role too after U.S. intelligence agencies confirmed that they are investigating whether or not the coronavirus outbreak was the result of a laboratory accident in Wuhan. President Donald Trump threatened to impose tariffs to retaliate against Beijing over its handling of the coronavirus.And after a multi-week 30% rally, stocks may have simply been due for some reversion to the mean. The
        Dow Jones Industrial Average
      closed down 622 points, or 2.6%. The
        S&P 500
      and
        Nasdaq Composite
      fell 2.8% and 3.2%, respectively. The small-cap Russell 2000 index dropped 4.1%.Oil settled higher, with West Texas Intermediate crude up 5% to $19.78 a barrel. Markets in Germany, Italy, Spain and a number of other continental countries are closed for the Labor Day holiday. However, the FTSE 100 extended Thursday’s heavy losses, sliding 2.3%.Friday’s drop in the U.S. comes after the S&P 500 posted the best month in 33 years in April, even as the pandemic cut deeply into corporate profits and hit economic activity. The index has made back the majority of its late February and early March losses.Dire economic indicators continued to pile up on Friday. The Institute for Supply Management’s Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index for April showed a drop to 41.5 points, from 49.1 in the prior month. The new orders and production components of the survey showed the steepest declines, to 27.1 and 27.5, respectively. Levels below 50 signify a contraction.Haven assets were mixed on Friday. The price of gold rose 0.9% to $1,709.70 an ounce. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note ticked up 2 basis points, or hundredths of a percentage point, to 0.642%, as the price of the securities slipped. The U.S. Dollar Index (DXY)—which measures the greenback against a basket of other currencies—ended about flat.The Cboe Volatility Index, or Vix, surged 9% on Friday, to over 37 points, as it rebounded from its lowest levels since February in recent days. The Vix is still well below the string of closes in the 70s and 80s seen in March.Earnings continued to dominate many of Friday’s individual stock moves.
Apple
      shares (ticker: AAPL) fell 1.6%. The company reported better-than-expected financial results Thursday, but said it would not issue financial forecasts for the second quarter due to coronavirus-spurred uncertainty. 
Amazon
      (AMZN) shares dropped 7.6% after the company reported first-quarter profits that were below expectations on Thursday evening. Chief executive Jeff Bezos warned that the company expects to have to spend heavily in the second quarter to get products to consumers and keep employees safe during the pandemic. 
Clorox
      (CLX) stock climbed 2.9% after its earnings release because demand for disinfectants and other cleaning products has surged. The company reported a 15% increase in sales during its fiscal third quarter and a 31% increase in earnings per share. Clorox also updated its fiscal 2020 outlook and is now projecting sales growth in the range of 4% to 6%.—Callum Keown contributed to this article. Write to Carleton English at carleton.english@dowjones.comInvestors rushed to unload stocks as a new month begins, in keeping with the market adage “Sell in May and go away.An error has occurred, please try again later.Thank youThis article has been sent toCopyright ©2020 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.","copy personal , non commercial use . order presentation ready copies distribution colleagues , clients customers visit http     www.djreprints.com.https     www.barrons.com articles stocks moving premarket apple amazon clorox 51588336243investors rushed unload stocks new month begins , keeping market adage   sell may go away.   three major u.s. indexes traded red earnings major tech companies failed wow wall street . renewed tensions u.s. china played role u.s. intelligence agencies confirmed investigating whether coronavirus outbreak result laboratory accident wuhan . president donald trump threatened impose tariffs retaliate beijing handling coronavirus.and multi week 30   rally , stocks may simply due reversion mean . dow jones industrial average closed 622 points , 2.6   .   p 500 nasdaq composite fell 2.8   3.2   , respectively . small cap russell 2000 index dropped 4.1   .oil settled higher , west texas intermediate crude 5     19.78 barrel . markets germany , italy , spain number continental countries closed labor day holiday . however , ftse 100 extended thursday   heavy losses , sliding 2.3   .friday   drop u.s. comes   p 500 posted best month 33 years april , even pandemic cut deeply corporate profits hit economic activity . index made back majority late february early march losses.dire economic indicators continued pile friday . institute supply management   manufacturing purchasing managers   index april showed drop 41.5 points , 49.1 prior month . new orders production components survey showed steepest declines , 27.1 27.5 , respectively . levels 50 signify contraction.haven assets mixed friday . price gold rose 0.9     1,709.70 ounce . yield 10 year u.s. treasury note ticked 2 basis points , hundredths percentage point , 0.642   , price securities slipped . u.s. dollar index   dxy    which measures greenback basket currencies ended flat.the cboe volatility index , vix , surged 9   friday , 37 points , rebounded lowest levels since february recent days . vix still well string closes 70s 80s seen march.earnings continued dominate many friday   individual stock moves . apple shares   ticker   aapl   fell 1.6   . company reported better than expected financial results thursday , said would issue financial forecasts second quarter due coronavirus spurred uncertainty . amazon   amzn   shares dropped 7.6   company reported first quarter profits expectations thursday evening . chief executive jeff bezos warned company expects spend heavily second quarter get products consumers keep employees safe pandemic . clorox   clx   stock climbed 2.9   earnings release demand disinfectants cleaning products surged . company reported 15   increase sales fiscal third quarter 31   increase earnings per share . clorox also updated fiscal 2020 outlook projecting sales growth range 4   6   . callum keown contributed article . write carleton english carleton.english   dowjones.cominvestors rushed unload stocks new month begins , keeping market adage   sell may go away.an error occurred , please try later.thank youthis article sent tocopyright  2020 dow jones   company , inc. rights reservedthis copy personal , non commercial use . distribution use material governed subscriber agreement copyright law . non personal use order multiple copies , please contact dow jones reprints 1 800 843 0008 visit www.djreprints.com . ",0.14,0.774,0.086,0.9725
15,https://www.investors.com/news/technology/click/apple-stock-stays-buy-zone-coronavirus-quarterly-report/?src=A00220&yptr=yahoo,2020-05-01,Apple Stock Stays In Buy Zone After Coronavirus-Infected Quarterly Report,"BREAKING: Stocks Close Down Sharply, Near Session LowsConsumer electronics leader Apple (AAPL) beat the oddsmakers with a better-than-expected March-quarter report thanks to strong demand for services and wearables and a ""phenomenal"" online sales period. But Apple stock dipped Friday amid a down market.The Cupertino, Calif.-based company mixed bad news with the good in its fiscal second-quarter report late Thursday. Leading the negative news was a 6.7% year-over-year drop in iPhone revenue as the coronavirus pandemic hit production and consumer demand for smartphones. Apple iPad and Mac computer sales also fell in the quarter.Plus, Apple didn't give sales and earnings guidance for the June quarter, due to uncertainty from the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and a likely recession. It was the first time in more than a decade that Apple didn't give quarterly guidance.On the positive side, Apple increased its cash dividend by 6% to 82 cents a share. The board of directors also authorized an increase of $50 billion to the existing share repurchase program, bringing the current stock buyback authorization to over $90 billion.Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox & more info about our products & services. Privacy Policy & Terms of UseOn the stock market today, Apple stock fell 1.6% to 289.07 as major indexes plunged. Earlier in the session, it was up as much as 1.8% to 299.On Wednesday, Apple stock broke out of a second-stage cup-with-handle base at a buy point of 288.35, according to IBD MarketSmith charts. On Friday, it remained in the 5% chase zone of its breakout.At least 10 Wall Street firms raised their price targets on Apple stock after the earnings report. However, three firms cut their price targets.Apple earned $2.55 a share, up 4% year over year, on sales of $58.31 billion, up 1%, in its fiscal second quarter ended March 28. Analysts were looking for Apple earnings of $2.26 a share on sales of $54.54 billion.On a conference call with analysts, Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company's online store had a ""phenomenal quarter"" after Apple shut its retail stores to prevent the spread of Covid-19.Before the retail store closures, Apple was on track for a record fiscal second quarter for product sales, based on the first five weeks of the quarter, Cook said.Apple's services segment was the star performer in the March quarter, with revenue up 16.6% to $13.35 billion. Since services have a higher profit margin, that boosted earnings as well. Services had a gross margin of 65.4% last quarter, vs. 30.3% for products. The company's total gross margin was 38.4%.Within the services segment, the App Store, Apple Music, video and cloud services posted all-time revenue records in the March quarter, Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said on the call.JPMorgan analyst Samik Chatterjee called Apple stock a ""top pick"" in a note to clients Friday. He reiterated his overweight rating on Apple stock and raised his price target to 350 from 335.He sees improving iPhone sales thanks to the introduction of the lower-cost iPhone SE in late April and the 5G iPhones coming this fall. The company also has ""underappreciated leverage"" to the work-from-home and online learning trends, which should benefit iPad and Mac sales, Chatterjee said.Jefferies analyst Kyle McNealy said investors likely will look past March-quarter results and focus on the 5G iPhone upgrade cycle.""The pending 5G cycle is still the biggest catalyst for Apple moving forward,"" McNealy said in his report to clients. ""We expect the 5G cycle to bring significant upgrade activity.""McNealy forecasts Apple to sell 212 million iPhones in its fiscal 2021, which starts Sept. 27. Analysts on average expect sales of 205 million iPhones, he said.McNealy kept his buy rating on Apple stock and upped his price target to 350 from 320.Eric Ross, chief investment strategist for Cascend Securities, called the lack of guidance for the June quarter ""unnerving.""""We had expected guidance because every other tech company has provided guidance, albeit with a wider range,"" Ross said in his note.Ross maintained his buy rating on Apple stock but lowered his price target to 325 from 350.Apple stock was on IBD's SwingTrader list of actionable stocks on Friday. It is also on IBD's Leaderboard stock list.Follow Patrick Seitz on Twitter at @IBD_PSeitz for more stories on consumer technology, software and semiconductor stocks.YOU MAY ALSO LIKE:Microsoft Called 'Mission Critical' Winner Amid Coronavirus CrisisQualcomm Sees Coronavirus Pandemic Hurting Smartphone SalesIBD's ETF Market StrategyHow To Research Growth Stocks: Why This IBD Tool Simplifies The Search For Top StocksGet Stock Ideas From IBD Experts Each Morning Before The Open
8:54 PM ET
It's been a volatile week for the stock market, with some good days and some difficult days. Here's what happened... 
8:54 PM ET
It's been a volatile week for the stock market, with... Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 5 weeks of IBD Digital for only $5!Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice.*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Realtime quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets.Ownership data provided by Refinitiv and Estimates data provided by FactSet. © 2000-2020 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved","breaking   stocks close sharply , near session lowsconsumer electronics leader apple   aapl   beat oddsmakers better than expected march quarter report thanks strong demand services wearables    phenomenal    online sales period . apple stock dipped friday amid market.the cupertino , calif. based company mixed bad news good fiscal second quarter report late thursday . leading negative news 6.7   year over year drop iphone revenue coronavirus pandemic hit production consumer demand smartphones . apple ipad mac computer sales also fell quarter.plus , apple n t give sales earnings guidance june quarter , due uncertainty ongoing covid 19 pandemic likely recession . first time decade apple n t give quarterly guidance.on positive side , apple increased cash dividend 6   82 cents share . board directors also authorized increase   50 billion existing share repurchase program , bringing current stock buyback authorization   90 billion.get newsletters delivered inbox   info products   services . privacy policy   terms useon stock market today , apple stock fell 1.6   289.07 major indexes plunged . earlier session , much 1.8   299.on wednesday , apple stock broke second stage cup with handle base buy point 288.35 , according ibd marketsmith charts . friday , remained 5   chase zone breakout.at least 10 wall street firms raised price targets apple stock earnings report . however , three firms cut price targets.apple earned   2.55 share , 4   year year , sales   58.31 billion , 1   , fiscal second quarter ended march 28. analysts looking apple earnings   2.26 share sales   54.54 billion.on conference call analysts , chief executive tim cook said company  s online store    phenomenal quarter    apple shut retail stores prevent spread covid 19.before retail store closures , apple track record fiscal second quarter product sales , based first five weeks quarter , cook said.apple  s services segment star performer march quarter , revenue 16.6     13.35 billion . since services higher profit margin , boosted earnings well . services gross margin 65.4   last quarter , vs. 30.3   products . company  s total gross margin 38.4   .within services segment , app store , apple music , video cloud services posted all time revenue records march quarter , chief financial officer luca maestri said call.jpmorgan analyst samik chatterjee called apple stock    top pick    note clients friday . reiterated overweight rating apple stock raised price target 350 335.he sees improving iphone sales thanks introduction lower cost iphone se late april 5g iphones coming fall . company also    underappreciated leverage    work from home online learning trends , benefit ipad mac sales , chatterjee said.jefferies analyst kyle mcnealy said investors likely look past march quarter results focus 5g iphone upgrade cycle .    pending 5g cycle still biggest catalyst apple moving forward ,    mcnealy said report clients .    expect 5g cycle bring significant upgrade activity .    mcnealy forecasts apple sell 212 million iphones fiscal 2021 , starts sept. 27. analysts average expect sales 205 million iphones , said.mcnealy kept buy rating apple stock upped price target 350 320.eric ross , chief investment strategist cascend securities , called lack guidance june quarter    unnerving .       expected guidance every tech company provided guidance , albeit wider range ,    ross said note.ross maintained buy rating apple stock lowered price target 325 350.apple stock ibd  s swingtrader list actionable stocks friday . also ibd  s leaderboard stock list.follow patrick seitz twitter   ibd pseitz stories consumer technology , software semiconductor stocks.you may also like   microsoft called  mission critical   winner amid coronavirus crisisqualcomm sees coronavirus pandemic hurting smartphone salesibd  s etf market strategyhow research growth stocks   ibd tool simplifies search top stocksget stock ideas ibd experts morning open 8 54 pm et  s volatile week stock market , good days difficult days .  s happened ... 8 54 pm et  s volatile week stock market , ... get instant access exclusive stock lists , expert market analysis powerful tools 5 weeks ibd digital   5   get market updates , educational videos , webinars , stock analysis.learn make money ibd  s investing tools , top performing stock lists , educational content.notice   information contained herein construed offer , solicitation , recommendation buy sell securities . information obtained sources believe reliable   however guarantee made implied respect accuracy , timeliness , completeness . authors may stocks discuss . information content subject change without notice .   real time prices nasdaq last sale . realtime quote and or trade prices sourced markets.ownership data provided refinitiv estimates data provided factset .   2000 2020 investor  s business daily , inc. rights reserved ",0.112,0.825,0.063,0.9823
